

Of Good And Evil

This is my 3rd scenario, and I hope you enjoy it.
If you have any comments, questions, concerns,
or complaints, feel free to contact me at : alcritas@att.net.
Also, be sure to vist my Blades of Exile page,
The Lyceum, at:
http://members.xoom.com/_XMCM/boelyceum/index.html

I'd like to express my intense gratitude to Stephen
Masel, Peter Hawkinson, Serene, Andrew Barton,
and Kate for their work beta testing the scenario. 

I'd also like to thank DRK DRAXIS (gravestone)
and Tim Farland (Phoenix) for allowing me to 
use their graphics.

Several notes :


1. The scenario at several locations utilizes
traditional inventory (eg non-special) items
which are required to advance portions of
the plot.  There is NEVER a situation in
which both -

A) An inventory item is required to complete the scenario 
AND
B) That inventory item cannot be acquired many times 

are both true.  However there are circumstances where
normal inventory items ARE required to complete very
useful, but not vital, portions of the scenario.  In
some of these circumstances, you will only be given
the particular item once.  Therefore, I STRONGLY
recommend that while playing, you make every effort
to keep at least one or two inventory slots open at
all times.  On a similiar note, if you find a
peculiar item, you might consider hanging onto it,
or at least storing it.

All items that are required to win the scenario,
and that cannot be acquired multiple times, will appear as
special items.

2. If, for whatever reason, you leave the scenario,
but then come back in with many of the items you
acquired in this scenario, the scenario won't
recongnize them.  For example, the rope you bought
can still be sold for 25 gold, but the scenario won't
recognize it as rope in the circumstances when you need
rope.  You'll have to buy a new thing of rope.

3. The use of the "Word of Recall" spell is not
recommended.  Use of Charm spells in certain areas
might be problematic.  Some encounters do not end
until all enemy units have been killed, the game
will not give you credit for charming these units.
You may have to attack friendly, charmed units in
some circumstances to advance.


FAQ's -


Q: What level party should I use?

A: High (18-25), or if you're up for a challenge,
try a Medium (9-18) level party.  But better yet, take
a beginner party in, and mention "Train" to
the fort commander of the base you start off in.  He'll
direct you to a small dungeon, which will rapidly advance
you to the level and experience best suited for this
scenario.  


Q: But it says Very High on the difficulty scale!

A: That's because :
1. I consider it to be a Very Difficult scenario for
reasons beyond simple monster toughness
&
2. I didn't want any monsters doubling hit points
against any borderline medium/high parties.  (Some
of them are quite tough enough as it is)

Q: But I keep dying against X Monster with my
high level party!

A: Perhaps there's a better way to combat X
monster.  All Monster's are killable in traditional
manners, but many are much weaker/tougher depending
on extraneous actions you might perform.  So Bob
The Talking Spider might be super tough but killable
unless you get the bug spray on a side mission, which
makes him only mediocre and very killable.

The scenario has been and can be won using 
a begginer party put through the training dungeon.


Q: Is there a walkthrough?

A: Yes, at my webpage.  The URL is above.


