
On A Ship To Algiers 


A few quick things -

First - the scenario is designed for a beginner
level party, and I recommend against using the
traditional, cookie-cutter approach many players
(including myself) often use.  The scenario is
designed to force the player to play a party
distinct from the traditional approaches.

Second - the "R" rating.  If there had been a PG-13
option within the game, I gladly would have taken it.
As it was, given some of the themes in the scenario,
I decided to be better safe than sorry, hence the "R"
rating.

Third - there is no walkthrough, but I did include 
some hints below.  Don't look if you want to avoid spoilers.
Also, I'd be more than happy to answer any questions, comments,
complaints, or anything else you might have.
My email adress until 5/99 is : klinkham@pilot.msu.edu
After that, try : klinkham@juno.com

Finally - thanks for downloading, and enjoy!

I want to acknowledge and thank my beta testers Serene and Peter 
Hawkinson whose input significantly improved the overall quality 
of this scenario.  

Ian Klinkhamer



FAQ's -

These cover the most common questions asked of me,
but is in no way an exhaustive list.  Feel free to
email me with any other questions, or with these
if the explanations aren't clear.

Q - Who is this Vayla person anyway?  And when do I get to 
meet her?

A - Vayla is one of the Gods of this world.  She makes no
appearance other than through her disciple, Xenophon.


Q - How and when do I get my skills back?

A - You don't, at least not without using the player
character editor.  Throughout the scenario, various
people will train you in various ways, giving you
some skills.  However, you never regain the skills
you initially lose.


Q - I keep getting stuck in this Foreboding Tower!  How
do I get the Staff of Orianna back?

A - To bypass the section with all the teleporters, read
the sign.  Each word contains only one cardinal direction
letter (N,S,E,W), follow them in order, starting from
the square directly west of the sign.
Once you get to the Faeries, don't listen to Willy!  He's
trying to trick you!  Instead, ask Nicky about the Staff,
she'll tell you where to really find it.


Q - I'm stuck!  Both towns have been destroyed, and the
entire island is dead!  What do I do?

A - Make sure you've done the following three things -
1. Witnessed Meletus Get Killed
2. Visited the shrine, and examined Elaine's body
3. Searched the Slime Cave, and found a body that 
gets up after you look at it.  It's in the north
central area.
Once you've done all three things, return to Pireaus,
and enter the town hall.  Xenophon will be there,
and he can help you proceed with the quest.

Alternately, once you've beaten the Goblins, you can
search the area around the Inn in Shenta.  Under a pile
of rocks, you'll find a set of stairs.  Climb down
them to proceed, but be warned!  The scenario becomes
much tougher without Xenophon's help.


Q - I've killed Anytus, but the Quickfire gets
me!  How do I escape the cave?

A - There are two ways.  First, if you've gotten 
Xenophon's help, he'll be in the room just north
of where Anytus was, but only for a short while.
Go into that room, talk to him, and he'll create
a portal for you to escape the island.

OR

There's a secret passage in the southeast 
corner of the cave.  It's blocked by a couple
of magic barriers, so you'll need to get
the piercing crystals in the room north
of where Anytus was.  


Q - Okay, I've escaped the cave, Anytus is
dead, but now what?

A - Go to the Western Shore.  There's a boat
there, that'll take you off the island. 