Northern Kingdom 0: PrologueEXTRAS1. The people in the clearing after you leave the farm... some of them talk and some of them don't. Some of them have interesting things to say.2. In Unillen, after the city is destroyed, the Baron is still around. You can talk to him.3. On the boat, a bunch of people in the dining hall talk. Some don't. You can find other people on that level who talk also, in their rooms.4. Of course, there are hidden items, like the sword in the Dragon Cave, things like that.5. Did you notice that everyone in Minalon had a Shakespearean name? I don't know why I did that, but they do.HINTS1. In Unillen, there's a kid outside the city walls. Find him and talk to him.2. On the boat, you have a large amount of time to wander around and do things. Talk to people. Talk to the captain.3. On the boat, if you find that you have nothing else to do, wait a couple of times. You have to get pretty far out to sea before anything changes.WALKTHROUGHSetupGo through the portal. Then go through the other portal. If you want, you can check out a hidden area through a secret passage in the wall.The FarmGo to the pens. After you see that they've been broken into, and that the tracks go to the east, go to the east.The ForestTalk to the dervish. Leave through the opening to the east.UnillenA dragon attacks the town after you've been there for a while. You have to wait for him, because you have no other way of leaving town. While you are waiting, there is a kid named Madison in the southwest area outside of the walls. Talk to him. Then do what he says. Once you are done, wait until the dragon comes. Outside UnillenRun away from the dragon in any direction.Dragon's CaveYou can leave through a hole in the wall in the room filled with bodies in the west. Before you leave, you can talk to the first few doomguards you find, and you can talk to Karthax and everyone in his room.Unillen [ruins]Talk to Frederico, in the first building you find. Once he leaves, you can follow him to the north. The Baron is also hanging around, in the ruins of his throne room, so you can talk to him if you wish.ShiballehYou have some time to waste while Frederico is making arrangements. Check out the inn in the east. There really isn't much to do there, but you can look around. Look at the beach. Look at the docks. There is a secret passage (a number of them, actually) in the city wall to the west, also. When you are told to find Frederico, you can find him in the northwest store. Talk to him. Then talk to the woman at the docks. Then sail your boat out to the north.DockingDock the boat. Then leave through the north. (This town was only included because if I were to send you through a stairway directly from being in the boat to being in your room, the boat would go with you. There would be a boat sitting in your room.)The BoatThis is the cool part. Wander around for a while. Talk with the people in the bar. Wonder about your continued interactions with these strange adventurers. What are they doing here in this story? Why are they even around?More specifically, you have to sit around for two days. You can keep yourself occupied, because there is a mission here. You can start it in any of three places, in the uppermost level talking to the day captain, in the uppermost level in the captains' rooms, or in the lowest level in the night captain's office. You can get to the uppermost level by way of stairs at the northeast and northwest ends of the halls. You can get to the lower level by way of stairs on the north and south sides of the central rooms. The west doors lead to the stairs.The day captain is at the north part of the ship. The captains' rooms are in the center part of the ship. The night captain's office in the northeast part of the ship.You are more or less told what to do the whole way through this puzzle. You just have to follow the instructions.You have to do four things:1. Talk to the day captain.2. Investigate the day captain's room.3. Investigate the night captain's room. Specifically, look at the boxes.4. Find the papers in the night captain's office's desk.Once you are done with these things, which you can do in any order, talk with the day captain again.When you are done with all of that, sit and wait. Eventually the boat will sink.Cave WildernessThis is a hack n' slash dungeon. Fight your way through. The way out is at the east edge of the area, halfway between the northeast and southeast corners.DomatonEnter the bar. Either go with the adventurers immediately, or postpone it and talk to a few people. Then go with the adventurers.MinalonYou can walk straight through this city if you like. The exit is straight north. You can also talk to people. There are shops in the southwest. Antonio, in the northwest, is interesting. Polonius, in the northeast corner, has the mission. Find his kids. There is a secret passage in the kids' room, leading to spiders. Don't go through unless you're ready for a fight. You can rest in the inn in the southeast if you need to.Under MinalonThe kids are locked up. The lever to free them is in the middle of the east side of the area. Pull it. Then go to them, in the northeast. Lead them to the exit, in the northwest. Once you're back in Minalon, say 'returned' to Polonius.