The Tomb of Avondalev. 2.02submitted by Kristin Greene-mail at:  Love127358@aol.comTomb of Avondale:This scenario is quite challenging offering very difficult dungeons and towns to search through, as well as numerousoutdoor encounters.  Be sure to look for clues in not-so-obvious places, and talk with everyone you encounter.  Thiswill help a great deal.  There is a hint book to this game.Unfortunately, I hid it "in" the game somewhere.  See ifyou can find it.  If you are desperate for a hint, youcan e-mail me.The plot of The Tomb of Avondale is generally, a seriesof attacks have taken on the Land of Character.  Thereare some mysterious beasts wandering around, and it isthought that they are created by Avondale, an archwizardthat lived in the late 1600's.  Avondale had enemies toonumerous to count.  His arch-rival was Kildermot.  KingKildermot did everything he could to protect the land hepresided over.  Kildermot sent out his troops to fightAvondale.  Avondale lost.  However, in the midst of thenight, Avondale's ghost set fire to the Castle of Kildermot.Everyone perished, except for the Crown Prince of Kildermot.Now, several generations have passed and the present Kingwants you to help put a stop to the beasts that are attack-ing the land.  It is presumed that the beasts might beliving in Avondale's tomb.  It is up to you to find out.This scenario is best played when player already has some advanced skills and spell knowledge.  It can be quite challenging for the beginner.  I've gone through thegame several times searching for bugs and no major ones have been found.  I would like to thank Ivan at ig@solaris.kala.com for all of his help with beta-testing, as well as,Jesse at Suruga528@aol.com, RW at RWGibson13@aol.com, and James at reidb@cadvision.com.  Please check out other scenarios, as well as the ExileTrilogy and Blades of Exile at http://www.spidweb.com.Thanks for trying out my scenario and good luck.Sincerely,Kristin Green