
Thanks for downloading "Falling Stars"!

If you have any comments, concerns, questions, or complaints,
please feel free to email me at: alcritas@att.net.  Or post
a message at The Lyceum's message board:
http://pub26.ezboard.com/bthelyceum

Updates and further information about Falling Stars may be found
at The Lyceum:
http://home.att.net/~alcritas/index.html

Included in with this file, you should have found falling.exs (the
scenario), falling.bmp (graphics file for PCs), falling.gif, and
UGLI.gif. (Drizzt says that there's an error in the UGLI.gif.  He's probably
right.  But I'm really just not motivated enough to fix it.  Consider it yet
another torture device inflicted upon you be the UGLI.)
If you are on a MAC, you will need to create a MEG file
to play the scenario.  Inquiries/information can be made/found at
the above URLs.

This scenario is designed for high to very high level parties.
If you do not have such a party, take a beginner level party
into the scenario - there is a training dungeon at the beginning.

This scenario is a continuation of many of my previous works.
While not necessary to play this scenario, it is strongly suggested
that you play my prior works, especially "Redemption", "An Apology",
and "Lamentations" before beginning "Falling Stars".  The party
you play is presumed to have completed "Lamentations".

PLEASE, PLEASE Ensure that the Graphics are working properly
before playing far into the scenario.  If you see a portal
directly to your south upon beginning the scenario, the graphics
are working.  If not, please contact me before going further.

There are a couple of known BOE bugs which may occur during
this scenario, to which there are no workarounds.  
1- Empties, which look like Dwarves, may appear randomly.  No one
knows for sure why the BOE editor places them in scenarios, but if
you see one, don't worry too much.
2- Scry Monster may produce the wrong graphic in the Scry Monster
table.  This is due to BOE graphical limitations.  All the monster
information, however, will be accurate.


I'd like to thank my beta testers - Andrew Barton, Kattana,
The Talking Spider, Big Words, Janet Cone, and Bob the Impaler.

I'd also like to thank those graphical artists who contributed
to this scenario-

Aceron - Dwarf Thief, Dwarf Warrior 3, Dwarf Warrior 2,
Dwarf Beserker, Dwarf Priest, Dwarf Warrior 4, Orc Warlock

Cthulu - The Dark Angel, Liquid Viper

Ryan Phelps - The Axe of Rage

Luz - Potted Bonzi Tree, Potted Fern, Potted Flower,
Alternate Carpet

Jayne Holt - Archbishop, Headless Demon, Blue Demon

Steven - The Blood Baron

Zaloopa - Alternate Portal

Tim Farland - Banshee, Araena Lord, Vampress, Giant Land
Octopus 1, Giant Land Octopus 2, Giant Land Octopus 3

Handea Yoshiyuki - Female Lich

Relhan - Nightmare Demon, Earth Elemental, Water Elemental,
Sorcerer, Templar, Dwarven Folk, Dwarven King, Dwarven
Miner, Dwarven Sage, Dwarven Crossbownman, Dwarven Warrior,
Magus, War Master, Elven Archer, Order Mage, Arch Warlock,
Axe Master, Dojo Trainer, Flail Master, Future Mage, Orc,
Orc Champion, Orc Chief, Orc Fighter, Orc Shaman, Orc Grunt,
Orc Peon, Ettin, Wisp, Great Groundbeast, Dark Hunter, Wraith,
Death Knight, Grave Keeper, Stairways, Uh Oh, Burning Village,
Battle Standard, On the March, Banner with Crossed Spears, 
DoomguardJuggernaut Golem

Brave Sir Robin - Mage

Ireland - Bent Tree

Alan Evans - Inquisitor Talking Picture

Draxis - Mimic, Illithid 1, Illithid 2, 

Elwin Windleaf - Sorcerer

The subtitle is a quote from Jean-Jacques Rosseua
Parts of Songs from Paul Simon and Tori Amos are
also quoted in the scenario.

Portions of the programming in this scenario were
adapted from Stareye's "Spy's Quest", Andres
Gonzales' "Doom Moon II", and Drizzt's article,
"How to Defeat Magic Map".

Members of the BOE community mentioned within the scenario should,
of course, take everything with good humour.
