			The Election, by Nick Jones

First off, I ought to warn you that this scenario is plot/puzzle based, and contains little of
interest to the more combat-orientated, tactical puzzler types. The rest of you...

This scenario should only be played with the party save file included - just load either
elecpc.sav or elecmac.sav as appropriate before starting the scenario. Using your own party will
ruin the atmosphere, mess up a few of the puzzles, and be counted as cheating, in my book.

WARNING - Do NOT overwrite the initial saved file - you will need it when you come to start 	 	  again. It is advised that you make a back-up copy, or just don't delete the .zip file.

Mac and PC graphics files have been included - put these in your scenario folder as usual.
Other than this, there is little more you need to know. There is a time limit, so don't
necessarily expect to win on your first go. You should also know that there are two
seperate ways of winning the game, one significantly harder than the other, (though which you
consider better is up to you), so expect to have to play it through at least twice before seeing
everything. The scenario file is unpassworded, so if you really want to you can see how it was 
put together. Don't expect a beautiful demonstration of how to use the editor, though - this is 
my first scenario, and was quite messily constructed.
A walkthrough/hint file, elecwalk.txt, is provided in case you really get stuck, but expect to
find out more than you wanted to know. To be used as a last resort only.

If you're playing on a Mac, there might be a few dialogue text messages which are too long to
fit. I've spent long hours trying to remove them, but if you find a few remain - don't panic.
If you think something important might have been contained in the cut off sections, just press
record, quit the conversation and look at your journal - the complete text will now be there.
You can then go back into conversation and ask about anything that might have been suggested by
this new information. If you do find a fair few of these, I would appreciate it if you sent me
details (who you asked what), so I can fix them for any next version that might be coming.

I would like to sincerely thank my beta-testers, Silver and Alcritas, for their miraculous work,
turning the hugely buggy scenario I first showed them into the gleaming example of perfect
scenario craftsmanship you see today. Oh yes.
Additional thanks go to Drakefyre and Drizzt, who helped with the beta-testing to some small
extent. Praise also to Jeff Vogel, obviously, and apologies for the unlicenced use of his name.
It just seemed right, somehow.

This scenario is freeware. Do what you want with it, as long as what you do does not
involve profit or removing the credits.

Any comments, bug reports, angry letters of condemnation etc. should be addressed to
nckjones@hotmail.com. But I won't tell you the answer to the crossword clue, however much you
beg.