
				The Elect - Walkthrough


	This document gives precise instructions on how to change the votes of all those whose 
votes can be changed. They are ordered by person, with a blank page between each to ensure you
don't accidentally see something you don't want to.




























Cornelius (librarian)

	This is the easiest vote to change - just talk to him, ask him about his 'vote', and he'll
ask you to tell him who to vote for. Just say 'Vogel' or 'Vandell, and he'll vote for that person.
However, when you leave the library you will realise that he wasn't on the register. You'll have
to fix that. If you ask Gwyneth about 'Cornelius', she'll hint that she is able to do it, but not
while everyone's watching. Wait until night, then wake her by talking to her, and ask her about 
'Cornelius'.




























Smith (bronzesmith)

	Talk to him and he'll be happy to explain his reasons for voting for Nash. You'll have to
convince him that his argument is flawed. Ask him about the 'Exiles' to inform him that he's
mistaken about the sort of crimes they committed. He'll hint that he needs evidence. Go to the
library, the Eastern book room (city records). Look for 'criminal' records, or stuff about the
'Exiles' to find a book of judgements detailing the crimes of the Exiles. Ask Smith about the
'Exiles' again, and he'll be convinced. He'll now vote for Vogel, unless you are properly
campaigning (see below), in which case he'll vote for you.






























Cilla (inn owner)

	All is not well between her and her husband, Cyril. In fact, she's having an affair.
At night, you may hear some noises which you assume to be Cilla and Cyril. Go into their room
(South of yours) to find Cyril sound asleep and Cilla no where in sight. It's her and her lover
talking - they are outside the city walls, just South of the inn. There is a secret smugglers'
entrance just to the East of the inn, but you won't be able to find it unless you know about it.
Go to the library and look at the items on show (the white dot next to the pedestals) to find
a map showing it's existence and position. Go back there and you'll now be able to go through,
and find Cilla and Mike, the bad poet. You now have information you can use to blackmail both
of them.
	To blackmail Cilla simply talk to her, ask her about her 'affair' with 'Mike'. She is
very scared of you telling Cyril, her husband. She'll do anything you want. Ask her about 'want'
and then say 'vote'. She'll then vote for you.






























Mike (bad poet)

	Before reading on, see Cilla above.
	OK. So you now know that Mike's having an affair with Cilla. Surely this has potential
for blackmail? Ask Mike about the 'affair' and he'll point out that he doesn't care who you
tell. But there is one person he hasn't thought of - Cyril, unstable and distinctly hard. Say
'Cyril' to Mike and he'll get scared, but point out that you have no proof. You need some. Mike
likes to think of himself as a poet - obviously he'll write love letters to his amour. But
where could you find one? Cilla wouldn't keep them for fear of discovery. But Mike's probably
got some unfinished or rejected ones, still on his desk. He won't let you look there while he's
there, but at night he can't stop you. Break in to his place at night and look at the desk. You
will find a bad love poem, addressed to Cilla. During the day, talk to Mike and again say
'Cyril'. You'll show him the letter and he'll agree to vote for Vogel. This is the best you'll
get - he won't vote for you.




























Tarle and Lerta	(Exile refugees)

	These Exiles are the key to winning the election. Talk to Tarle and he'll suggest you
campaign properly. If you agree, then both Tarle and Lerta will vote for you. It will also have
other, subtler effects. These include Mayor Vogel hearing about it, and refusing to give you any
more help. Go to the North of the market that night, as Tarle suggests, in order to find a
little surprise. Solving Lerta's nasty crossword clue is of no importance, so I won't tell you
the answer.




























Jack	(rationer)

	Talk to Jack, and he'll tell the reason for his voting Nash being the desperate nature
of the food shortage, and his hatred for the Codys' opulence. Go to their house in the North
West of town and talk to them. You will find various clues that they are actually eating more
than just their set rations. Search the West wall of their house to find a secret door leading
to their stash of food. Take some if you want. You can now try talking to various people to sort
out the situation. Marvin won't help, nor will Mayor Vogel. You'll have to do something 
yourself. If you are already campaigning for yourself then go to Tarle and Lerta's place. You
will be given the option of making the redistribution of the Codys' food a part of your
campaign. If you agree, then talk to Jack about the 'Codys' and he'll agree to vote for you.





























Cody 	('natural philosopher')

	He's going to vote for Nash, and you won't be able to persuade him otherwise. It's his
wife's idea, and she's immutable. However, if you talk to Cody, you'll find out about the
power of the runes. He'll also hint to the fact that he quite often stays up all night with
them. Go there at night, and you'll find him asleep in the chair before the central sigil. If
you step behind the chair, an idea will occur to you. What you choose to do here is up to you.





























Marvin (guard)

	This is the man to come to if you have any problems with someone trying to kill you. And
you will. If you're going to stop him voting for Nash, then you'll need to disrupt Nash's
reputation.....
	



























Jonathan (friend of Nash)

	This is probably the most complicated puzzle, and also the only one with an added urgency
attatched to it. You see, this man is trying to kill you. Remember that thing with the
portcullis? That was him. Unless you do something about it first, he will also cause you to be
attacked on your first night in the town, your rations to be stopped on the third and fourth
days, and your staff to be stolen on the fourth. To stop all this, you need to get him arrested.
Talk to Marvin about the attempts on your life. When he asks who might have done it, say
'Jonathan'. He'll demand proof. When someone tried to close the portcullis on you, that
someone fled behind the library. Follow his tracks and you'll find a scrap of red material.
Talk to Jonathan, and notice that his description mentions a flowing red cloak. Click on the
word 'cloak' to attempt to get a look at it. Nothing suspicious, but you need to get a closer
look. Wait until night and steal into his room. Search his dresser and you'll find the cloak.
It was torn but then mended. This still isn't enough - you don't know when the rip happened.
Talk to Mairwen, the seamstress at the market. Ask her about 'Jonathan' and she'll tell you
that she repaired his cloak soon after the portcullis incident. Now go back to Marvin's place
and he'll arrest Jonathan. That's now one Nash voter out of the way, and also if you now ask
Marvin about his vote then he might decide to change his mind.

