Hints: Ok, this is not comprehensive. Email me if you have any other questions at alx149@earthlink.net. I will give you a hint first and then later the same number will have the solution.-If you're having problems in the beginning talk to everyone. If a character talks about two subjects in a dialogue chances are he'll respond to both subjects. You often need to be given a quest before you can enter the cooler places. But, If you don't like talking to people see the beginning of solutions (below). -If a person talks about a quest their responses to stuff (other than job etc..) will often change. Sometimes their personalities change altogether. Some people will also change after events have taken place.-Keys must be readied. Click on them with the cursor so that they are highlighted blue.1 Skeleton Key: look for a note in the abbey that suggests who might have the key.2. Statues Riddle: think in terms of multiple definitions.3. Entering the Dwarven Palace: There is a hint in the chest in the counselor's room. The security code suggests the color combinations to use when pressing the buttons. There are three buttons each is located near a transporter rune.4. The Key to Somas: see spoiler.5. Azul's Scepter: the answer to the riddle suggests the name of the location where the scepter is to be found. You may have already searched the place where it is located. You will only be able to find it after the statue has given you the riddle.6. Azul's Gate: see spoiler.7. Gorath Chapel: search stuffSolutions (spoilers):Careful cowboy, these are the answers.-Starting quests: Talk to the Kid about 'Marceah' if you want to rescue her(the Captain's wife). Talk to Ben about repairing his bar or he'll ask you to do an errand for him that involves talking to the merchant guild master about his 'contract'. So, if you ask the guildmaster about his contract he will get a quest. Keep in mind that the guildmaster does ask you to return to him after the quest has been completed.1. The Skeleton Key: Both monks have skeleton keys. Say: 'keys' or 'skeleton' to either the Kid or Brother Bledsoe an they will give you a key.2. Statues Riddle: The answer is ruler.3. Entering the Dwarven Palace: In the counselor's room press the button until it is red. Then go through the rune transporter. You will then be in a small room. Here you will find another button. Press this button until it is green. Then go through the rune transporter. In this room you should press the button until it is red. Now, go through the rune transporter and press the button  on the contraption that is located between the two portcullis doors at the palace entrance. The doors will now open.4.Gorath Chapel: search the throne in the chapel and press the button. Then, go through the secret door in the south eastern wall.5. The Key to Somas: in the  northern wall in the western room of the Grounds Keepers House located in the Commoner's Graveyard is a secret door. Go through this door and you will find another locked door. This door is magically locked. Use a magic unlock spell to open it. Disarm the trap on the box and get the key. Hurray! You must ready the key and click on the centerr of the wall that blocks the entrance to Azul's Gate.6. Azul's Scepter: The answer to the riddle is 'roof.' The scepter can be found on the Abbey Roof. The Abbey roof can be found by going through the northwest room in the temple on the 1st floor of the abbey. The scepter is in a chest in the southwest observation tower. You will only find it there after the statue has given you the riddle concerning the scepter's location.7. Azul's Gate: I found it's best to wait and let the Kid go ahead one space. This way he takes most of the area spells. I don't go into combat mode I just go up and light heal my party when needed then I place the scepter in the altar. Left click on the altar with the scepter readied. This is a boring solution and maybe not the most efficient way. Try your own, see what happens.