TABLE OF CONTENTS
1) Puzzle Solutions
		a) using coordinates
		b) Getting through the distortions - Below the Wizards' Cave
		c) Saving Castle Velius
		d) Key to Chaos Maze - Under Castle Velius
		e) Chaos Maze
		f) Key to Ice Castle - Castle Zerivix
		g) Ice Castle
		h) Key to Air Castle - Realm of the Animator
		i) Air Castle
		j) Key to Earth Guardian's Forest - Cave with changing walls
		k) Earth Guardian's Forest
		l) Password to get in Xebon's Tower - Harold's Crystal
2) Battle Tips
		a) general tips
		b) Under Wizards' Cave - 6 Crystal Guardians
		c) Top of Castle Velius - Battle with Zerivix
		d) The Fire Guardian
		e) Castle Zerivix - Final? Battle with Zerivix
		f) Ice Castle - The Ice Krakan
		g) The Animator
		h) The Air Guardian
		i) The Earth Guardian
		j) Xebon's Tower - 6 Dragons
		k) Xebon
3) Optional Quests.
NOTE - Many of the optional quests will not be listed here and the ones
that are will not be complete solutions.  Why, you ask?  Because they are
not part of the completion of the scenario (hence the name 'optional') and
should be figured out on your own.
		a) The 25 orbs - Stoping the aliens
		b) How do I get these @#%# spikes to stop hurting me?
		c) The blue chests

-------------------------------------------
				Puzzle Solutions
-------------------------------------------
a) using coordinates
		In some of the puzzle solutions in this hint file, you will
be told of the coordinates of something.  To figure out where it is, use
the level 1 priest spell Location.  The more you go to the east, the more
the X value increases, and the more you go to the south, the more the Y
value will increase.

b) Getting through the distortions - Below the Wizards' Cave
		To get protection from the distortions so that you can walk
through them, you need to go to Valgoth's cave (East of Castle Velius).
When you go below you will encounter 2 puzzles, the one on the right is a
test of memory.  When you flip the levers they will make different sounds,
and when you step on the rune it will make several sounds, repeat the
sounds that the rune makes by fliping the levers.  Can't remember all the
sounds?  Flip them in this order: (1 is northwest, 2 is northeast, 3 is
southwest, 4 is southeast) 3 3 1 3 2 4 1, now you will hear more sounds so
now flip the levers in this order: 2 4 4 2 3 4 1 2 3, now there should be
an explosion on the rune, step on the rune and a barrier will disappear.
The right room needs you to turn the 9 objects in the middle of the room
into the one at the north end of the room (Make them all statues).  To
change them, you must search the objects.  Search them in this order:
(Pretend the objects are numbered like on the number keypad on your
keyboard, northwest is 7, south east is 3, etc.) 4 6 2 9 9 4 4 1 6 3 3.
Now step on the rune and the statue at the north end of the room will turn
into an anvil, now you must change the statues into anvils, so search them
in this order: 8 8 4 4 6 6 2 2 5 5, now step on the rune again and the
other barrier will disappear.

c) Saving Castle Velius
		To get into Castle Velius, you need to first need to get
the Protection Crystal from the Wizards' Cave (To the east).  Once you have
it, step on the coordinates 52, 42 and you will be asked if you want to
walk behind the castle, say yes and you will end up on the other side of
the castle.  Now find the cracked wall and walk through it (Don't cast Move
Mountains, it is not used in this scenario) to get inside.  As you search
the castle, you will notice that most of the stairways are blocked by
barriers, so you will need to climb out the windows (Just walk into them).
Eventually you will come to an area where you will have to avoid spots on
the floor that will break, avoid all of them except the very last one and
it will drop you to an area where you can walk on the clouds.  Soon you
will end up in the throne room and fight the possessed King Velius (And
yes, there is a way to win it without killing him, but you will have to
figure it out on your own).

d) Key to Chaos Maze - Under Castle Velius
		If you go to the dungeon and talk to the old man, he will tell you about
a demon carrying a key entering a secret passage in his cell.  You will
need to get put in jail, so do what he did to get thrown in, go to the top
of the castle and walk around until you walk onto a weak spot that will
drop you down into the treasury.  Once you are in jail, you must flip the
lever by throwing rocks at it.  Once open, run around until you reach the
old man, he will tell you to search the wall, do so and he will tell you
the demon had a password but he forgot what it was.  He will mention that
the demon said something about 33 and 38, so search the coordinates 33, 38
and you will find that the password is mystique.  Say the password to the
secret passage and you will enter the fungi caverns.  When you get to the
level with the huge swamp, you will need to find the area with 2 chests, 2
small pools, and a dead guy.  Search this area until you find a weak spot
that drops you down.  From here take the stairway up.  Find the giant slug
and kill it and you will find the key to the Chaos Maze.

e) Chaos Maze
		If you get completly lost, you can always cheat and use the
auto-map.  Find the 2 runes and step on them to dispel the barriers near
the entrance.  Go up the stairs and find your way through the next maze
(Don't worry, there are no teleportations this time).  Cast Stealth if you
want to avoid fighting the enemies.  After a while you will find your way
to the Fire Guardian.

f) Key to Ice Castle - Castle Zerivix
		Before you can get into Castle Zerivix, you will need to
have defeated the Fire Guardian.  Once you get in you will have to solve
many puzzles.  On the first level, the levers open and close the
portcullises, the runes and carpets change the barriers to and from marble
floors, and the chairs change the machines to and from rubble.  In the
first room, flip the lever, then the rune, then the lever, then the chair,
then the lever, then the carpet, and finally, the lever again.  In the next
room, step on the rune (back in the first room), the chair, the carpet, the
lever, the rune, the chair, and the carpet.  In the next room, flip the
lever in the southwest room, then sit in the chair in the southeast room.
In the last room, go to the left and step on the rune, then go to the right
and flip the lever and step on the carpet, go to the left and step on the
rune, go to the left again and flip the lever and the chair, and finally go
to the right and flip the lever and exit out the first conveyor belt.  In
the 2nd level, go to the machine and get 4 gems.  Drop one gem on the rune
and the conveyor belt will change directions.  Drop the gem on the conveyor
belt so that it hits the rune after you are past it, then ride the conveyor
belt to the south.  Drop both of your remaining gems on the conveyor belt,
making the second one follow right behind the first one.  Go to the machine
and get 7 more gems.  Drop 3 gems on the southern conveyor belt so they are
following right behind each other, stand right in front of the conveyor
belt and wait until you can see only 2 of the gems, then drop another one
on it.  As soon as you hear the second click, drop a gem on the conveyor
belt to the north.  Continue on to the next area.  Step on the carpet to
start the conveyor belts, wait a turn so the gem on the north belt is one
space away from the floor, then drop a gem on the rune to the south.  Wait
a turn so that the north and south gems are one space to the right of the
center and the middle gem is one space to the left of the center, then drop
a gem on the north rune.  Then the gems should be in the center of the
belts so step on the carpet to stop the conveyor belts.  In the 3rd level
of the castle, go to the machine and get 10 gems.  Give 2 gems to your
first character, 2 to your 2nd, 1 to your 3rd, 3 to your 4th, 1 to your
5th, and 1 to your 6th.  Zerivix hints to you that you will need to be
split up to complete this puzzle, so you will need to enter combat mode and
have your group spread out like this:  have your first character stand next
to the 2 runes to the northwest and have the rest of your characters number
off counterclockwise through the rest of the runes.  Have your 3rd and 4th
characters drop 1 gem (on their runes, of course) each in the same turn
(make sure the 4 gems on the conveyor belts are in the corners of the box
they start out in).  Have your 2nd character drop a gem.  Wait until one of
the gems taking the belt to the north is one space away from getting on the
belt that will take it east, and then have your 4th character drop a gem.
Wait until one of the gems reachs the middle of the southern edge of the
box it started out in and have your 2nd character drop his last gem.  Once
the gem that went to the west that is behind the other one gets to the
northwest corner of the box next to your 2nd character have your 5th
character drop a gem.  Wait until both of the gems that went to the west
reach the belt going east that is north of your 2nd character's rune and
then have your 2nd character drop his last gem.  Now wait until one of the
gems that went west is one space away from the marble floor and then have
your 1st character drop a gem on the northern rune.  Wait until the gems
that went to the east reach the northwest and northeast corners of the
northeast box and have your 6th character drop a gem.  Finally, wait for
the gems that went to the west reach the northwest and northeast corners of
the northwest box and have your 1st character drop a gem on the rune to the
south.

g) Ice Castle
		1st level - go west and enter the small room and flip the
lever.  Go south and enter the southwest room, find the secret passage on
the west side of the room that leads you to the northwest lever and flip
it.  Now go back to the entrance and walk across the very short bridge to
the room with the zombies and flip the lever in it.  Go east, south, and
east again past the 3 pillars and flip the lever in the room once.  Now go
to the room to the south that was just opened and flip the lever once, go
back to the room you were just in and flip the lever two more times.  Go
west, south, and east and enter the room with the bookshelves and step on
the rune.  After being teleported, go to the west and flip the switch.  Go
back to the east and search the bookshelf 2 spaces east of the rune.  Go
back to the west, flip the new lever and then go back to the east and
search the bookshelf 3 spaces south of the rune.  Now flip the 3rd lever
and search the bookshelf 2 spaces west of the rune.  Flip the 4th lever and
go back to the entrance of the castle and you will find that the 2
portcullises are open and you can continue on to the next level.  2nd level
- go west, board a boat, take it to the northeast, and flip the lever.  Go
back to where you came into the level and go north into the library, take
the northeast exit, go into the room to the north, exit it to the west, and
take the southern bridge and flip the lever in the room.  Go back into the
library and take the northwest exit, go into the room it leads you to, and
flip the lever.  Go back and board a boat and go to the west.  In the room
here, search the west wall for a secret passage, it will lead you to
another lever, flip it.  Go back and flip the lever that you got to by
going out the norteast exit of the library.  Now go back and flip TWO more
times the first lever you got to by going northeast on the boat.  Flip
again the lever you just fliped before this one and then flip the lever you
got to by going out the northwest exit of the library.  Take a boat west
and then south, there you will be lead to the stairway to the next level.
3rd level, go to the north and step on the rune to the east.  Flip the
lever (at 26,31).  Now step on the rune to go back and step on the rune 2
spaces to the west, it will take you to the main area of the level.  Search
the bookshelf to find a description of how this level works and go north,
west, north, and flip the lever at 24,13.  Go back and step on the rune, go
to the south room and step on the rune to the west.  Flip the lever (at
40,22).  Return to the main area and flip the levers on these coordinates
in this order: 19,32  26,19  14,27  26,19  40,22(You will need to go back
to the southwest rune to get to it)  42,9  19,32  20,42 19,32  43,16  19,32
20,42  19,32  36,1  30,11  and finally 25,45(Go back and step on the
southeast rune to get to it).  Now go back to the main area, go east,
north, west, north, and west to arrive in the next area.  Here some of the
doors are bashable and others cannot be opened.  Bash your way through to
the stairway and do not step on the rune if you find it, it will teleport
you to the begining of the level.

h) Key to Air Castle - Realm of the Animator
		To get into the Animator's Castle you will need to go to
the Air Castle and get the energy wand from the Air Guardian.  Now go to
the cave in the southeast corner of the other dimension and enter the
portal to get into the Realm of the Animator.  Take the first door to the
north, go east, and up the stairway.  Go south, east, north, west(through a
secret passage), all the way north and fall down the hole.  Go south and
fall down another hole.  Go west and then northwest when the cave curves in
that direction, go north and destroy the Giant Armor, then go west and up
the stairway.  Now go south, east, find the secret passage in the southwest
corner and enter it, pass through a few more secret passages, go south,
east, and find the weak spot in the floor and drop down a level.  Go west,
south, east, and up the stairway.  Go north until you have to turn and go
west, north, and west up the stairway.  Go south, east, south, west, south,
and east down the stairway.  Go south, east, find the secret passage, go
east and down the stairway.  Go east, north, and up the stairway.  Go west,
south, and up the stairway.  Now go north, east, south, west, north, west,
southwest, find the secret passage, and go west to the stairway.  Go east,
north, west, west, north, destroy the Giant Armor, go out the northwest
exit, go east until you run into the fake door and search for a secret
passage on the north wall, then go west at the pool and up the stairway.
Go through the narrow passageway and drop down the hole.  Now go west,
north, east, south, and up the stairway.  Go west, south, and up the
stairway.  Go east and finally battle the Animator.

i) Air Castle
		Go to the northeast into the library and search the
bookshelves for a description of the castle.  Here's how it works:  there
are 5 rooms with 3 levers each and 5 words in front of each of the levers.
There are also 3 statues at the entrance, talk to them and they will say
different things, but they will all say exactly 5 words.  The number in
front of the rooms indicates which word in each of the sentences in front
of the lever to pick the first letter of to match with the first letter of
which word the statues tell you.  For example:  if you fliped the middle
lever of room number 4, in which the words in front of it read MATCH
NUMBERS WITH STATUES' WORDS, it would corespond to the left statue because
it says "You won't regret sneaking through," the 4th word of both the lever
and the statue starts with an S.  In order to find all of the rooms you
will need to search the walls carefully for secret passages.  If you still
need help, here's which levers to flip:  In room #1, right lever.  Room #2,
right.  Room #3, middle.  Room #4, left.  Room #5, left.  Now go back to
the entrance and step on the middle rune, if you did it right you will see
message saying that the barrier has been dispeled.

j) Key to Earth Guardian's Forest - Cave with changing walls
		To get into the Earth Guardian's forest you will need to go
into the cave in the southwest corner of the other dimension.  Find your
way to the button on the west side of the room and press it, then find your
way to the button on the east side of the room and press it.  Now find the
altar at the north side of the room and search it to get the key.

k) Earth Guardian's Forest
		In the first area take all the right paths (that's right as
in right and left, not as in right and wrong).  In the next area, talk to
the wall and click on talk.  It will ask you to say something, so say "the
password."  The password is "the password."  In the next area the words
standing out tell you which levers to pull.  Pull the NE, SW, SE, and E
levers.  Then the southern lever will be able to be pulled and open the way
to the next area.  To avoid the guards, stand next to the levers and search
them, that way you can be a space or 2 more away from them.  Many of the
guards will also fight with each other, keeping them from attacking you.
For the final puzzle, search the bookshelves to find a clue.  Search the
chests in this order: A D B C E.  In the final area, do not enter the
portal.  Instead, talk to the north part of the wall and say "the password"
to it.  Enter the second portal to fight the Earth Guardian.

l) Password to get in Xebon's Tower - Harold's Crystal
		After getting the Energy Wand from the Air Guardian you
will be able to Activate Harold's Crystal (Harold is the mage who lives in
the mountains north of the nightmare cave, search for a secret passage),
watch it and you will find out about how Xebon got his powers.  Watch it
again and you will find out more; watch it several more times and you will
see a scene in which Xebon traps Valgoth inside a barrier and then says a
word, proximity, as he enters his tower, this is the password.

-------------------------------------------
				Battle Tips
-------------------------------------------
a) general tips
		The most important survival tip is to carry lots of Strong
Energy Potions with you.  About 3 or 4 potions per spell caster should be
about right.  When you fight the guardians only one of you will be able to
fight.  The one you will want to pick is the one who can cast both level 7
priest spells and level 7 mage spells and is fairly good at fighting too
(you will probably need to give most, if not all, of your skill potions to
him).  Major Blessing is spell you must know and use as much as much as you
possibly can.  Slow group and curse all are both spells you should use
whenever you encounter enemies who are not immune to magic (Especially if
there is a mage around who can cast Major Haste and double or even triple
their attacks). Protection is a very useful (and somewhat cheap) spell to
use when several enemies seem to be targeting a single member of your group
and won't attack anyone else, however in many of the major battles it will
not work (it will just be cancled each round).  Luck is a very, very useful
skill to learn, I have seen my character with 20 luck take over 50 hits in
row at 0 HP before he was finally killed.  Although summoning spells summon
relatively weak monsters compared to the monsters in this scenario who will
probably kill them in one hit, they are still good at taking some of the
attention off of your group.

b) Under Wizards' Cave - 6 Crystal Guardians
		Cast Major Blessing and Bless All.  Use weak summoning
spells to distract them.  Have all your characters gang up on one Crystal
Guardian at a time, rather than having them all spread out attacking
different ones.  If you want, you can be cheap and cast protection.

c) Top of Castle Velius - Battle with Zerivix
		Zerivix and his minions arn't immune to magic, so cast Slow
Group and if you want, Paralyze him.  As always, cast Major Haste and Bless
All.  Take out his minions first and then concentrate on Zerivix, don't
waste time attacking the Thunder Orbs, they are invulnerable.  If Zerivix's
permanent martyr's shield becomes annoying, use spells like Kill and Ravage
Spirit on him.

d) The Fire Guardian
		Do not attack the Fire Guardian himself, he is
invulnerable.  Instead, you must cast Ice Bolt spells on the 6 fires.  Keep
yourself hasted and healed.  You will probably need at least one strong
energy potion.

e) Castle Zerivix - Final? Battle with Zerivix
		Cast Slow Group and Curse All.  As always, cast Major
Blessing and Bless All.  Kill all of Zerivix's minions before attacking
him.  Every time he summons a fury demon, quickly kill it and go back to
attacking Zerivix.  Do not cast Protection or Avatar because invulnerabilitywill just be cancled every turn.  Use summoning spells to distract the demons.
You will probably need several Strong Energy Potions to make it through the
battle.

f) Ice Castle - The Ice Krakan
		Begin by casting Haste and Bless.  Keep casting Firestorm
until all the tentacles are killed, then use Flame spells.  Keep yourself
healed with Revive spells.  Make sure you bring at least two Strong Energy
Potions.

g) The Animator
		This battle requires you to be a little cheap.  Have your
mage cast Protection on everyone and fight your way to the animator.
Ignore the Giant Armors, they will take too long to kill and will just
disappear when you kill the animator.

h) The Air Guardian
		To outrun the Vortexs, make sure your character has 5 or
more movement (have a ring or boots of speed equiped. If you won Ulen's
Boots in the battle arena, they will help a lot).  At the end of each turn
when you either pass through a marble floor or are not at triple movement,
cast Haste.  When you reach the Air Guardian, cast Slow, Curse, and keep
casting Haste when you drop below triple movement.  Also cast the level 1
mage spell Goo several times to reduce the amount of attacks she has, keep
casting it about once every 2 turns to keep her webbed.  Keep yourself
healed with Revive spells.  Keep yourself blessed so that you can hit
accuratly.  If you want to be quick and cheap, cast Paralyze on her until
it works, it will probably take several trys.

i) The Earth Guardian
		Cast Slow Group and Curse All on each of the Treants you
run into.  Keep yourself Hasted and Blessed and cast Restore Mind when the
Treants dumbfound you.  When you reach the Earth Guardian, summon monsters
to keep the summoned Treants away from you.  Make sure you have several
Strong Energy Potions with you.  Equip items that increase your fighting
skills, like a Gold Ring of Skill.  If you have a hard time damaging the
Earth Guardian, use Flame spells.  As aways, keep yourself healed with
Revive spells.  Do not expect this to be an easy battle.

j) Xebon's Tower - 6 Dragons
		Use Major Blessing and Bless All.  Slow and curse the Black
Dragons, they are not immune to magic, they are also the most dangerous and
weakest and should be taken out first.  The Red Dragons should be taken out
second.  Use summoning spells to distract them.  Invulnerability will just
be cancled each turn, so do not use Protection or Avatar.

k) Xebon
		Cast Major Blessing and Bless All, of course.  Keep all
your characters healed.  Kill all the summoners before going after Xebon.
When he casts Chaos quickly cast Restore Mind on all your spell casters,
with your mage being the highest priority, you will need to cast Major
Blessing right away.  Make sure you have a LOT of Strong Energy Potions
with you because you will have to fight Xebon 3 times.  Good Luck.

-------------------------------------------
				Optional Quests
-------------------------------------------
a) The 25 orbs - Stoping the aliens
		After walking around for a while in the town that you don't
know the name of (In Eastern Verius), it will be attacked by aliens.  There
is nothing you can do about this right now, but a little ways north of the
town (and after passing through a cave) you will find a destroyed mansion.
Find the mage who is there and talk to him, he will give you instructions
on how to find 3 of the orbs.  If you find all 25 orbs and give them to
Nerald (In Mordalace), you will be able to go on an optional quest to stop
the aliens.

b) How do I get these @#%# spikes to stop hurting me?
		You will need Spike-proof Boots, which can be won in the
Battle Arena for getting a Godlike Ranking.

c) The blue chests
		The chests belong to an undead/demon named Gorvin, who
lives in a cave west of Mordalace.  After you kill him he will drop his
key; unfortunatly it has a piece of it broken off.  The other piece is
hidden in the Ice Castle, but you will need the bronze key (Hidden
somewhere in Gorvin's Crypt) to get to it.  If you want to complete the 25
orbs quest (as well as get some very valuable items from the chests), you
will need to get this key fixed.
