*********************EYE FOR AN EYEA Blades of Exile ScenarioDesigned by John Fuhrer*********************INTRODUCTION:--------------Adventurers lead an exciting life. They're always out slaying evil, solving mysteries, and collecting vast rewards. For many, it's considered the ideal profession. Unfortunately, the life of an adventurer also, on occasion, contains tragedy. And when you were informed by Captain Verigald that the legendary dragon Athron had been mortally wounded, you wiped your tears and headed for the job.After all, there were still two dragons living in Exile, and without question, they would want more than anything to avenge Athron. Khoth, at the north end of the Za-Khazi Run, couldn't care less. But Sulfras was a different story. You aren't entirely sure where to start your mission. All you know is that the ceremony for the dragon's passing is complete, and Athron is feeling her last wisps of life right now.And in any event, you have no idea you you can prove yourself to be worthy in the eyes of a dragon. It's going to be a long, hard, tragedy-filled mission. But it's exciting. . .and it's an adventurer's paradise. Verigald told you to speak with Athron as soon as possible, before you even spoke to him. You hope you aren't too late.THE FILES---------The zip file which contained Eye for an Eye contains four files.sulfras.exs - The Blades of Exile scenario.sulfras.meg - The custom graphics file.trainer.exs - A modified version of Tarl Kudrick's High Level Party Maker, customized to fit the needs of a party playing Eye for an Eye.sulfras.txt - this Read Me file.Walkthrough - A DocMaker file which includes a complete walkthrough as well as hints, tips, and various things to do.You must have the "sulfras.exs" and "sulfras.meg" files inside the Blades of Exile Scenarios folder for the scenario to run and the graphics to work properly.DIFFICULTY LEVEL----------------"Eye for an Eye" is aimed for high level parties (somewhere in the level 18 range). The battles further into the game will be at a considerably higher level, but as you venture through the scenario, your party will gain experience, and there are various places to train. I would recommend, however, that your priests and mages start with at least level 5 spells. Major Haste, Firestorm, and Slow Group are essential for mages. Flamestrike, Bless Party and Firewalk are desirable for priests.If you don't have a party which is adequate to play "Eye for an Eye," place the trainer.exs file in the Blades of Exile Scenarios folder. Then, make a new, 1st level party in Blades of Exile. You may want to edit their skills and advantages a bit - you can't change them in the trainer. Then, have them enter the High Level Party Maker. The procedure is explained in the scenario.KNOWN BUGS WHICH HAMPER EYE FOR AN EYE---------------------------------------¥ When you first talk to Athron, MAKE SURE you ask her about "warning" before you ask her about "leave." There was no "Eliminate Creature Set Flag" talking node, so I had to just assume the party would ask it in linear order. However, if there is another chain of text that leads you to "leave" before "warning," beware.¥ After you insert enter the Dark Halls, DO NOT LEAVE until you've found who's responsible for Athron's murder + escaped. You will never be able to enter again, as your Demon Seal will be destroyed.¥ When you enter Sulfras' Palace, it will display hundreds of "No room for picture, debug 230597" or something, and every door you open will look like cave floor. It's a BoE bug, sorry about it.¥ When you come down the stairway in the New Tower of Magi to the first level, it will jump immediately to the portal special. Again, a BoE bug.¥ Wandering Shadowists will have screwed up graphics when outdoors. BoE bug.¥ Finally, on a rare occasion, big bugs may occur when you enter new towns. You may enter a mostly cave area, with various random terrain, and the town will have no name. It's a pain, but to solve it, just go in, DON'T SAVE, open the file, and then go in again. You should be fine. Sorry about that, it's, once again, a BoE bug.ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS-------------------I would like to offer profuse thanks to my beta testers. Without them my scenario would be trash, (literally) and they have also made very good points about scenario which caused me to twist the plot. I was especially priveleged to be tested by my BoE idol, Tarl Kudrick, who created my favorite scenario of all-time (Tatterdemalion). I also have to extend a hand to Jesse Yasinski, who not only was a huge help picking out bugs but also provided me with the troglo riddle, and my dad, a first-time BoE player who loved every minute of his testing.I also need to thank the various computer artists out there which designed some of the graphics I used in the scenario - as I can't draw for beans, they saved my life. Credit goes to:Tim FarlandDrk DraxisNathan HamiltonPaul HendersonHopefully I haven't missed any - please let me know if I have, and I'll include them in the next release..Thanks to Melissa Heckman and Andrew Landells for helping me convert my custom graphics file so that all the Windows users out there can use my custom graphics as well.Thanks to J.R.R. Tolkein for providing me with the riddles I used in the Spires of Darkness - as you can probably tell by Deathgrip Fortress, I am not much of a riddle- writer.Inspirational music - TLC, Eminem, Kid Rock, 2Pac, Ricky Martin *blah* Limp Bizkit, Will Smith, Lauryn Hill, Destiny's Child, Sugar Ray, Chris Rock, Smash Mouth, and Jay-Z. (A strange mix, I know, but keep in mind that this is just what I listened to on the radio while designing - strangely enough, it gave me a few neat ideas.)And of course, I have to thank Jeff Vogel for creating the Exile Trilogy on which many of the characters in the scenario are based, as well as the Blades of Exile scenario editor, which got me into the whole scenario designing job.If I have left anyone out, please contact me so that I can include them in my next version. To any who I have, I would like to offer an apology in advance.CONTACTING ME--------------If you have any questions, comments, or bug reports, feel free to contact me at:John Fuhrerfuhrerj@earthlink.netDon't worry about bugging me - I LOVE getting mail.Have fun!