Avalonby Clara KimClara_Kim@brown.eduIntroduction:	This is my first full scenario, and it has been a long project. The outside area covers 5 X 5, and there are 23 towns and dungeons. If you have any critiques (may they be large or small), do feel free to send them in.  The scenario can be solved. There are no dead-ends and there are no large bugs that prevent the main storyline from progressing. If you feel that you cannot finish the game, e-mail me.Storyline:	This does not take place in Exile or the Exile world. You are in medieval times (roughly 500 CE) in an area somewhere in Britain. Your party begins in King Fellar's Manor, a town in a large area ruled by King Fellar. He asks you to partake in a quest for his daughter. His daughter was taken by the women of Avalon a month earlier, and he wants her back. You must find her. More importantly, you must reach Avalon first. Avalon is on an island southeast of where you begin. The scenario encompasses several missions, several of which involve getting to the island. Basis for Scenario:	I am fascinated by King Arthur and Camelot stories. I read The Mysts of Avalon several years ago and it has been my favorite King Arthur story since. This scenario uses a few of the names and some of the setting. While I believe the women of Avalon are quite good, you will find varying opinions of them. Layout of Avalon:	The guy who beta-tested my scenario (I actually lost his emails. Hey you out there, send me an email if you want your name in here...) put in an incredible amount of time, but we differed on several points. I'll explain my opinion here. You'll find that the towns and dungeons are spread out quite a bit. This is a realistic point. In the sixth century, you aren't going to find towns springing up next to each other. It was a long journey then, and it is in this game. Also I would like to point out many examples of such a layout in Ultima IV (the only one I've played in any great length), and even Exile games. Remember the great caves with the catacombs in Exile I?Parting Comments:	I hope you enjoy the scenario. Feel free to email me with your comments. I will also have a short txt file of hints, if you'd like it.