Creating a Special Spell that Simulates An Anti-Magic Cloud Spell

A BoE Programming Sequence by Chris Risberg

PURPOSE

The purpose of this sequence is to simulate an Anti-Magic Cloud cast by a monster.  Special Spells
are of course widely used and well known, but this sequence, first used in my scenario Shadow Of 
The Stranger, creates a new challenge for the party.

The walls that block a party via a Can't Enter Special Node were first used (to my knowledge) by
Alcritas in his scenario Lamentations, and documented in the Designer's Forum article
"Some More Innovations".

NOTES

As there is no Special Node for placing an Anti-Magic Cloud, this is faked by placing a creature
in the walls around the party that radiates Anti-Magic fields.  These creatures are invisible, have
no attacks, and set to radiate 100% of the time.  As it is not intended that the party be able to 
kill these creatures, they should be immune to everything and given maximum health and armor.  
They need to be Hostile and able to move, otherwise they won't radiate any fields.

In order to allow these creatures to move, the walls around the party (a narrow hallway is by far 
the best application for this) need to be Walk Through, Opaque, but call a Can't Enter Local 
Special Node.  In this way the creatures can walk through the walls and radiate freely, but the 
party is blocked.

To prevent these creatures from leaving the walls, the terrain around them must be either Blocked
or have the Special Property Blocked To Monsters.  This means that the hallway that the party is 
in must also be Blocked to Monsters, and that "normal" monsters should also be blocked from the
squares next to these special walls, otherwise they too will be able to roam through these walls
as well.  In the example included, there are monsters in the hallway with the party, but they
are given the Can't Move property to avoid this problem.

LIMITATIONS

As mentioned above, a narrow hallway is probably the best implementation for this special spell,
otherwise the party can easily move away from the Anti-Magic cloud.  A two-square wide hallway
could also be used, with the monsters on either side.

Caution should also be used with monsters nearby that can summon other creatures, something I
carelessly overlooked in my scenario.  These summoned monsters could be placed next to the 
special walls, creating "magical" Shades or Sliths or whatever that can seemingly walk through 
walls.

TOWN AND SPECIAL NODES

Monsters of type 215 (see below) are sprinkled in the walls around the party where the effect is
desired, and given the property Special Encounter Group #2.  The rest of the hostile monsters are
Special Encounter Group #1.

Hallway is Blocked To Monsters, and any monsters that appear in the hallway (to block the party's
progress), must be set to Can't Move.  Any open terrain on the other side of the walls must also
be Blocked To Monsters.

Wall Properties:

Terrain number:  249
Terrain Type Name:  Basalt wall
Terrain Blockage:  Walk through, Opaque
Special Properties:  Call local special
Number of special to call:  50

Monster Properties:

Monster number:  215
Monster type name:  Basalt wall
level:  40
health:  2500
speed:  1
type:  Important
attacks:  all 0
attitude:  Hostile A
Special Ability:  Invisible
Create Monster/fields:  Radiate antimagic fields 100%
Resistances:  immune all

37 LOOKING BLOCK GOTO 52   // Called when party steps on space in hallway (24,10)
52 Destroy All Monsters (Friendly) GOTO 38   // Not important for Special Spell sequence
38 One-Time Town Enc [22,6] 1, "You are attacked!" GOTO 42   // Place hostile monsters
42 Change Terrain 24,8 to 'Closed Portcullis' GOTO 33   // Party is trapped in hallway
33 Set SDF (22,5) = 0 GOTO 39
39 Display Sm Msg "Empire Wizard Casts:  Anti-Magic Cloud" GOTO 40
40 Play Sound 25 GOTO 41   // Cast Mage Spell sound
41 One-Time Town Enc [-1,-1] 2, GOTO 44   // Places wall monsters
44 . . .    // Nodes continue, but not relevant for AM Cloud special spell
50 Can't Enter (no enter)   // Called whenever party moves into a wall around the hallway

EXAMPLE

Enter the fort (town 0) just to the west of the starting town, and pass through the portcullis 
to start the battle!  Do not play in Debug Mode, otherwise the wall monsters will not radiate 
Anti-Magic clouds.  In this example the monsters have been significantly weakened, but in my
scenario the Empire Centurion and the others in the hallway are rather tough, meaning the party
must spend several turns hacking, without the benefit of Major Blessing or Haste spells.

Once you are finished, the exit is through the southern passage.