Nephil«s Gambit 1.1 -WalkthroughThis spoiler outlines the simplest way to complete the scenario. You do not have to make the exact choices suggested in order to win, but this way you are certain to complete. Also, there are several minor missions that are not necessary in order to win the scenario. They are not explained here.Part one, The Grim Messengers:The scenario begins in a remote military outpost on the trade route to Central Exile. You are not allowed to leave your post, so take your time to examine the fortress. Do not investigate the whispering voices from the hole in the wall until you feel ready to begin your adventure.Talk to everyone to learn of your country and present situation, find equipment and a good sword. Make sure to pick up the Cone in the Captain«s study.Approach the hole, and a battle begins. You cannot win the fight, so stay close to the hole and prepare for the order to retreat.After your escape from the Old Fort, head east. At the crossroads, you may turn south through the woods to look for better equipment in the Arms Shed, a simple dungeon, filled with secret passages (you will need the Move Mountains spell) and some good armour and weapons for your beginner adventurers. The next stop is the Climbers Ease. Keep ramming down the locked door, and talk to Hamberro for training and item identification. Your first major obstacle is the slith camp at Howling Gap. Leave the main road and find your way through the stalagmite labyrinth until you reach the guard post by the gong in the NE corner. Sound the gong and slip across the main road and into the building under cover of the confusion. If you ever need a rest from the exhausting fights, there is a secret room at location (34,17).Once inside the building, talk to Karolynna, the priestess tending the wounded prisoners. When you leave the room, she makes you a proposition. Agree to her plan, and follow the course of events.On the Sacred Ground, fight the battle, then stop to look at the artificial boulder. Take the Strange Rod and run.Along with the other prisoners you enter the Chimney Cave, passing first through Lushwater Toll. Enter the office of Captain Locke to report your adventures.Part 2, Raising the Mask:Get the Commandeer Letter from Locke, then go by ferry south to Myldres, capital of Chimney. The population is at first sceptical to you, and the guards won«t let you into the private floors of the city. After some time has passed, Karolynna and her company arrive in Myldres to tell the story of what happened in Howling Gap. Your fame grows, and you are invited to see the Mayor in the Royal Sector. Explore all of Myldres, the Slith Embassy and the Royal Sector and talk to everyone to gather clues and plot hints.This new liberty to move around gives you the option to complete a series of major quests, giving you clues to the identity of Chimney«s nemesis. In order to win the scenario, you need to be able to produce three solid pieces of evidence against the plotter. Each quest consists of a series of missions.Quest one:Talk to Mina in the Royal Sector. Follow the conversation, and when she asks the name of your common friend, tell her (His name is Stanza.). To help her, return to the main floor of Myldres and talk to Oterel and the other nobles in the Cliff. Tell him ÒMinaÓ sent you.The nobles direct you to talk to Bass-Sslatun in the Slith Embassy. Make sure to take advantage of the tip on contraband goods before going there.Find the slith craftsman and ask him about the ÒthreatÓ. Follow him into the secret passage and push the button, as he says. You have been set up. Once you have entered this trap, you have to fight your way out. Be careful not to harm your allies. Leave through the portcullis.Enter Myldres. In the Cliff, read the letter from Oterel and get your reward.(Angry with the nobles? There is a way to get back at them. It doesn«t influence the game much, but it is satisfying. Talk to Mina and Oterel again and use your imagination. HInt: You may need the Scroll of Stealth hidden in the library in order to evade a very powerful guardian.)Go down into the Slith Embassy and talk to the new ambassador, who sends you to meet the leader of the Yvoss-tai.Leave Myldres and travel SE and enter the Long Stairs. Talk to the captain at the top. Volunteer to help him and ask him to give you the equipment you need. Then go to the gap in the ledge and lower down a member of the party. Go west and connect the cable, win the fight and enter the spot again to be reunited. Then follow the path zig-zaging down through several fights. Talk to the slith at the bottom and follow him into the Yvoss-tai Camp.In the camp, make your way to Sss-Chross, the rebel leader. Talk to him and refuse his offer of a deal. The mysterious Masked Aide appears and you are thrown into a pit.In the Lizard Pit, escape through the portcullis during the brief periods it stays open, then find your way to the SE corner of the dungeon. Fight the drakes and cross the lake of lake using the little islands. Use a Move Mountains to break through the broken wall. Talk to the smith, then climb the stairs to come back up into the Yvoss-tai camp.You do not feel up to a fight against the entire slith army, so you look for a way of escape. Guessing that the Masked Aide must have some way of entry, you follow the passage, pull the lever and find a portal on the sacred isle. Enter the portal.Explore the Feline Frontier. Talk to Groul and find the secret stairway behind the bookshelves in his office. Look through his secret wardrobe to find your first piece of evidence.Quest two:Go to Myldres and enter the Royal Sector. Talk to Zarander, and ask him to ÒtranslateÓ the unfamiliar runes on the Strange Rod from Howling Gap. You need to find someone with great knowledge of the people of Chimney and ask this person about ÒVerundisÓ.This person is Zarr at Milestone Casino. He will ask you to do him a favour. Enter the room to the right in the upstairs suites and enter the hidden door to the north. Kill the wizard and return to Zarr.He gives you directions to a cave in the eastern wall of Chimney. Enter the Vahnatai Cave and ask Verundis about ÒThunder RockÓ.If you have already completed Quest One, you have access to the Feline Frontier. Go there, and you find the archives are locked. The human bartender tells you the archivist disappeared during the night.Go looking for him in the corridors nearby, and you stumble across the nephil encounter in one of the mines north of Milestone. Get the key from the dying librarian and return to the Feline Frontier.Unlock the archives and look for the Bill of Sale that Verundis told you about. This is evidence number two.Quest three:A telepathic message summons you back to Myldres to talk to Karolynna. She is gone, but she left a letter asking you to follow her.Go to Flickering Keep. In the hallway, approach the shadow and listen to what it says. You find a Ghostly Key in your pocket. Enter the hall and ask lady Fray about ÒKarolynnaÓ. Ask to stay in lord Fray«s bedroom. Unlock the door with your key and enter the chapel to get a message from Karolynna.Then return to your room and go to bed. Do as Karolynna told you, keep challenging the drake lord. As only one of your party members remains, you meet Karolynna. (Note: As this scenario is made for six member parties, those who still chose to play using a smaller party face death if they follow the courageous path. They should choose escaping. The plot is no different from here, but you miss some clues and feel bad afterwards.)Karolynna tells you she is held captive by the haakai lord Rashtarra and needs your help. She instructs you to find an amulet owned by lady Fray and a key in Myldres and look for her in Whitstone.You wake up and decide to leave. The door is now open. Enter the chapel, fight lady Fray and pick up her amulet. Run through the gap in the wall. Lord Fray is probably too strong for you, so run away through the door in the NW corner. Fight your way out of the castle.Go to Millard in Myldres and get his Mine key.Travel to SW Chimney and talk to the workers south of Marble Lake by Whitstone. Buy passage. In the Ruins of Whitstone, go to the throne room in the palace. Fight the undead, then enter the mining shafts in the western part of town (use Move Mountains). Rest up and descend into Below Whitstone. Unlock the Millard Mine and examine the western wall. The amulet lets you in. Go through the various portals. Fight when you think you have a chance, run away when you don«t. The simplest sequence of rooms and portals is as follows: Portal Hall, West portal. Column Hall, East portal. Lava cave, West portal. Laboratory, find the portal in the SW corner. Enter the throne room.Approach Karolynna and note her instructions. When Rashtarra arrives, talk to him without mentioning any of the forbidden subjects. If you succeed, Rashtarra is severely weakened. Fight him.Enter the northern portal, go straight south and pick up the lamp. Return through the portal and approach the southern gateway. Enter it to capture Rashtarra. You get the third piece of evidence.Get the treasures in the prison, then leave through the hidden door in the west wall of the throne room.Part three, Nephil«s Gambit:A telepathic message brings you dire news, and Groul asks you to come see him in his fort on the Feline Frontier.Groul asks you to help him fight off the Yvoss-tai and instructs you to return through the portal into slith country and assassinate Sss-Chross. Do so.After killing the slith leader and some of his officers, escape through the eastern corridor.You find yourself close to Howling Gap once again. Join the army and talk to Locke. Rest in the beds in the SW corner of the camp. If you wish, enter the gateway of Commercials in your dream to talk to some of the people who helped making this scenario. The break has no influence on the game.When you wake up, a great battle is commencing. To many players, merely surviving the battle is hard enough. If you have a strong party, however, your effort may turn the tide of the battle. If only three or four sliths remain, you win the battle.Talk to Mounirr, then leave the camp and go to the defensive wall to the south.You find yourself in the Royal Sector once again, this time in a grand suite. When you enter the main room, Groul enters. Talk to him, then enter the Mayor«s Office. Walk to the special facing the throne and make your decision.The decision you make is your personal preference, and does nothing towards winning or losing the game.Either way, you decide the future of Chimney and its people. No matter your choice, you are assured the gratitude of the new ruler. Congratulations!