Hello and welcome to the wonderful world of "Farmhands Save the Day!!" by Stephen Masel.IMPORTANT NOTE: It is strongly recommended that players play with the graphic frills turned ON. (well for one of the dungeons anyway). It really helps with one of the puzzles.The scenario is suitable for absolute beginners as a first adventure but if you want to make it a little easier on yourself, you can come into it after maybe one or two others. There's not much treasure to find so a little extra cash to start off with can be a help. Also, make sure you really need a skill before you fork over money to train for it. There's one quite expensive item that you must buy to get to the end of the scenario.This is not a real hack and slash adventure. In fact, you only need to kill things in two and a half dungeons to get to the end but there are twenty three towns to visit. There are lots of hint features built in to the game to help you along the way to make it not too difficult for you. If you want to challenge yourself though, don't bother talking to Major Hintz or Pixie Secondus.I'd like to thank my Beta Testers particularly Mike Natushko and Andrew Barton. Ben Frank told me lots of stuff to fix in version 1.0.0 so kudos to him too. I'd also like to thank all the artists responsible for the music I listened to while programming, in particular Ratcat, Rob Clarkson, Clouds, Cracker, HŸsker DŸ, Geraldine Fibbers, Bloodhound Gang, J.S. Bach, Paul Kelly & the Coloured Girls and of course, Mr. Bungle. (one of these is a hint)I hope you enjoy the scenario. Feel free to email me at stephen_masel@hotmail.comXOXO   StephenAbout the author:Stephen Masel is a Ski Instructor who spends his southern winters at Mt. Buller, Australia. He was all set to go to work at Madarao, Japan outside of Nagano in the northern winter of 1998-1999 when his contract fell through and he had to remain in Australia.As a way of killing time, he wrote this scenario.Other games by this author:There are no other games by this author but if he writes any, he'll be sure to tell everyone.How to contact the author:Snail mail is not much good as I only spend a maximum of six months in any particular country but you can always email me at stephen_masel@hotmail.comVersion History:1.0			 Original release1.0.1		 Added node for if you kill Dagleish in Gatwick.					  Made rune monsters immune to charm spells in Bandit's Lair							Prion now appears only when you hit the special saying you've seen him						Doors now easier to open in Baba Yaga's hut and Gulkan's tomb						Added Sign on Cuthbert's door.