

Thank you for downloading Domestic Evil by BTX!
This Readme file contains Hints and Credits for my first scenario ever,
inspired by Resident Evil.

Credit for Custom Graphics goes to:

Tim Farland- Aranea Lord, Cultist, Elite Guard

Drk Draxis-Floor Grates, Fireplace Graphic, View Screens, Gravestone

Relhan- Elven Hunter, Lancer, Stairways, Gold Knight

Aynsley Saucier-The Trevor Graphic

Myself- Gates on Grass


Hints: It's best to figure it out on your own but here goes.

Mansion Level 1 -
1. Search the room next to the dressing room, then go touch
the mirror to crack it. Then use the Move Mountains spell. 
2. The crowbar is in the southwest corner of the mansion.
3. Use the crowbar to open the grate.
4. The Lock to the gates is in the hut on the Northeast side of the mansion.

Mansion Level 2 -
1. The code to open the door at the north is in the Master Bedroom.
2. In the old lab, read the book on the pedestal then search the bookcases 
to the southwest. 
3. Use the prototype to replace the Anti-Undead bolts on the pedestal.
4. Alec will give you the courtyard key after you read the book in the hidden 
room in the old lab when you're about to leave.

Courtyard -
1. Do not try to kill the Wiper just run!
2. The way deeper into the forest is to the east.

Cabin-
1. The room with the trophies on the wall has a secret passage.
2. The riddle answers are as follows: 50, Radio, Eyes, and Stealth.
3. After killing the huge spider search the desk in the next room.

After the Cabin-
1. Head to the hall where you started the scenario and use the black key
on the northeastern door.

Argus Labs-
1. Search the guard's desk and head back to the sword hut where you 
encountered the Wiper use the key on the locked door. 
2. Retrieve the disk in the cell and go all the way back to the start 
of the lab. 
3. The reactivation orb is in a storage room to the east.
4. The last passcode is "moon".

Liason Woods-
1. Win the fight an leave through the northwest.

Contact:
If you have any questions please contact me at thegreatbtx@hotmail.com.
If you wish to use the grass gate graphic in your scenario feel free to
do so, just give proper credit. ;)