Trouble in Mendor 1.2by Benjamin Frankwendyben@mail.idt.net(approx. 6-10 hours playing time )Welcome to Mendor!This scenario is a little different from others (at least, that I have seen so far) in that there is no outdoor section.  Everything takes place in one town.  Much like the first scenario I wrote, this one was put together over the course of about three months.  I would like to thank everyone who has sent comments, especially my Beta testers for their suggestions (Ivan Godard, Theresa Yoder, Geoff "Max" Embree, Scott Monsma, Jamie Clark, and Andrew Barton).  No matter how many times you go over it yourself, something else always comes up and it takes good people to find the stuff.  But, all errors remain mine.  Feel free to send me comments at wendyben@mail.idt.net, but please include the word Blades in the subject so my wife doesn't have to hunt through stuff from strangers to find the notes from her family.  I hope you find all the little touches combine to make an enjoyable gaming experience.Based on comments I got back from my first scenario (connected with the different game conceptions/perspectives that each of us have), I think a couple of things need to be made clear in advance for this scenario.  If any of these bother you a lot you may not want to spend time on this:1)  Talk.  There are several hundred dialog responses in this scenario.  Most of course have nothing directly to do with the plot but I hope they are amusing and give a more life-like feel to the game.  Some are vital though, and you will be confused and frustrated unless you are willing to chat with a lot of people.2)  Cash.  In theory you will be continually cash strapped, and will need money at some points to actually advance the plot.  Always keep some available, since there is no place to go out, knock off a few goblins, pick up their gold, and move on.  It is possible to be stuck in a position where you have to sell something to get enough gold to get access to where you need to go at some points in the game.3)  Spell availability.  All but one fourth level spell are available somewhere, as well as five fifth level spells, two sixth, and one seventh.  There are seven alchemical recipes around as well.  Some of all of this you can buy but most you need to find (with enough mage lore to learn them). 4)  It is also possible at one point, as it is often in real life, to actively do something to strand yourself.  Just in case, keep a backup copy.  8-)Enough lecturing- go have fun.  And remember to vote for this and all other scenarios you play.BenP.S.  A hint file is appended (mendor.hnt) with some of the common questions I have received of late...P.P.S.  This version (1.2) contains a couple fixes to some very persnickety bugs.  Other than that, nothing new.