Revenge 1.0.5
2000-2001

Hi! You've downloaded Revenge! That's great! This actually my first complete scenario.
I taught myself how to work the editor as I went, so the first dozen were unstable. This one
is more stable.

Rating:
G - Nothing objectionable.

Difficulty:
Medium - I had this originally set on Easy, but I got 
   the sense that most people couldn't beat it(I did,
   and so did Jjudvven.)

   If you beat it with a level 1 party let me know. I
   want to see if anyone else can do it. It involves
   tactics. Summons are essential to keep the enemy
   away, and fireballs prove to be the best of friends.


Credits:
Jjudvven - Debugging, and debugging, and debugging...
Ariven - Debugging

All graphics were made by me or were warped by Frahhamn.


Comments?  
I am wide open to comments. A scenario is never finished. Its only abandoned. SpiderWeb
did a very good job on theirs. I especially liked the Valley of Dying Things. Why? I
don't really know. I do like the story behind it the best. Even so I like all of their
games. They're all made well... but then again, that's their job, isn't it? 

Complaints?
I would be quite CRUSHED if you disliked my masterpiece. Actually, I would try to
fix it to make you happy. I don't THINK there is anything wrong with it.

Disgusted?!
If you're disgusted I don't want to hear from you... Actually, its quite the contrary,
I'd rather hear from people who didn't like my scenario so that I could perfect it. Praise
is nice, perfection is better.


For any reason email me at:
anschaunng@juno.com
Frahhamn


(For simple, clean hints, scroll down...)





































CLEAN HINTS:
These hints are understandable, but even so,
some of you might like just jumping into a game
without the manual.

(I'm like that, that's how I learned Blades of Exile, Nethergate and numerous other games.
I read the manuals after I'd better them a few times. Originally I didn't realize that you could use the
party you won with to continue to the next scenario. I got VERY good playing A Mild Rebellion with a 
level 0 team. You should have seen me attempting The Zahkazi Run. Duh....)


1. Avoid fighting hand-to-hand with dark warriors or
   any other creatures in this game. Most of the
   custom creatures created for the scenario ended up
   being quite powerful. Like, in one turn one dark
   warrior might kill two of your people. Get the picture?
   This wasn't initially planned, but that's how I
   worked it out.

2. Because of number 1, 5 mages and one priest is
   advised(well, that's what I used.) You CAN try it
   with a mix or only warriors, but you'd better use
   a higher level team. I WANTED the game to be
   played with mages and priests and to be difficult
   and at the same time be a low-level party.

CHEATING-TYPE HINTS:
I believe that this is one of the WORST forms of cheating, but so what? Here I've listed several
time-saving tips that could help you get through some of the tougher pinches.

Scroll down if you really want some of these
tips.





































































If your concience is bothering you its not too late
to turn back...































































































Stubborn aren't you?...









































































































Too late. You did it.

These are in no particular order, so read them all to get the full message,
or print them out, I don't care.

1. Password to the Thieves Den is 'Dragon'
2. Find Ethel, Ursula, and Gretta BEFORE fighting
   Lord Nats. They sell cheap wands which can be
   priceless.
3. Be sure to visit Sam's Entertainment Center.
   If you're as crude as I expect(since you're reading
   this) you should figure out to save before using
   the vendor machine, therefore making your fortune
   increase rapidly by saving and loading depending
   on the results.
4. Lord Nats is immune to fire. Just a helpful tip.
5. Lord Luap is undead.
6. Money is valuable. And rare. Rare that is until
   you start to claim your fame. Then there's money
   coming out your ears!
7. The entrance to the Theives den is south of the
   starting town, along the road and to the east.
   When the road forks north, take it. Take first
   left. Go to the dead end. Move onto northern mountains.
   Bingo.
