FORT EMERALD ROBBERY by Bain-Ihrno
Scenario Readme


  Thank you for downloading Fort Emerald Robbery! Here is
what's happening: The Emerald of Fort Emerald has been
stolen, and the guards have seen it go to the north.
The commander hired you to hunt down and return the
Emerald...

- - - - - - -

General Tips:

1. I highly recommend having a PC in your party with decent
pole arm skill, because pole arms are the only type of weapon
available in this scenario.

2. If you come across a door that plays a 'lock click' sound,
with no message, the door can't be opened.

- - - - - - -

Abilities:

 Some of the abilities are a partial recreation of the
rune battle system in Nebulous Times Hence. Some have similar
mechanics, but they are not necessary for scenario completion.

Anyway, there are 10 abilities in the scenario. You start out
with two of them, and you can find more. They can be used once
every 3750 moves. The 'beneficial to party' abilities can only
be used by 1 PC.

These are the abilities in the game:

1. Natural Healing: This ability will heal 80 damage from
the PC of choice.

2. Natural Curing: This ability will cure the poison and
disease from the PC of choice.

3. Power Recharge: This ability will restore 70 spell points
from the PC of choice.

4. Call Beast: This ability will give you a usable item
that summons a Baby Hydra. There is a 25% chance of it
being an adult Hydra instead of a Baby Hydra.

5. Call Spirit: This ability will give you a usable item
that summons a Shade. There is a 25% chance of it being
a Vengeful Shade instead of a Shade.

6. Inner Might: This ability will give the user a strong
blessing and a small Magic Resistance amount.

7. Absorb Wind: This ability will absorb a gust of summoned
wind, which will speed the user up.

8. Holy Sanctuary: One of the most useful. It gives the]
WHOLE PARTY a strong sanctuary, and will give a 50-move stealth.

9. Shielding Glow: This ability will give the user a minor
bless, a strong magic resistance, and a minor invulnerability.

10. Heat Ray: This ability will give you a usable item
with a strong 'Fireball' ability. There is a 25% chance
of it being firestorm instead of fireball.

Do those abilities sound useful?
- - - - - - -

CREDITS:

Beta Testers:

-Terror's Martyr
-The Great Mister
-Gizmo
and especially...

-WildKarrdeSmuggler, who suggested that the whole
scenario should be recreated. My original version
was A LOT bigger (and worse) than what you are
about to play


Graphic Credits:

-Falcatta (Beige Wall Set)
-Jeff Vogel (Slith Talking Pict, Slith Elite)
-Shyguy (Skeleton Bladesman, Portal, Glowing Sign)
-Tim Farland (Crystal Warrior)
-Relhan (Stairways)
-Flamefiend (Emerald)
(Sss-Thass unknown)

Innovations:
-Terror's Martyr
-Andres Gonzales
-The Creator

(I am not telling what innovations were used)
- - - - - - - - - - -
I would also like to credit Skyle for the Alternative
Bladbase.
- - - - - - - - - - -


Installation:

PC Users: Move emerald.exs and emerald.bmp into the
BLADSCEN folder.

MAC Users: Create an MEG file, as I have no idea as
to how to do that for you. Then, put emerald.exs and
emerald.meg into the Blades of Exiles scenarios folder.


- - - - - - - - - - -
Enjoy the game! Questions? Comments? Complaints?
Incorrect credit? Need an ability location?
Email me at: bihrno@yahoo.com

Good adventuring, 
  
Bain-Ihrno
