"The Fog"by Benjamin Frankwendyben@mail.idt.net(approx. 6-10 hours playing time )This scenario comes with an EXS file, a BMP/MEG file, a TXT file, and a hint file in RTF format."A good short story is a story which is not too long and which gives the reader the feeling he has undergone a memorable experience."Welcome to "The Fog".  As a title, it gives little away, but forms the core of the story, so I guess it fits.  This is a story scenario.  You can go through it without picking up most of the story, but you may not be very interested.  I hope that the "hook" in the tale and the information gleaned along the way is sufficient to keep you going throughout.Free advice:  This scenario is TOUGH (at least according to the beta testers).  It is designed for a starting party with no experience, but the player should have significant experience if you want to make it through without resorting to the character editor to keep chars alive.  (And even then...)  Play it however you like, but higher level parties will likely outclass the various encounters and things may be dull.  Playing with an appropriate starting party will prove challenging but should be enjoyable.Talk to people.  There is (as usual for my scenarios) lots of dialog available.  Much of it is even important.  Some of it may be hard to trace, so pay attention to what you hear.  For those of you who keep track of such things, most fourth level spells are available and even a couple fifth, as well as some alchemical recipes.  Some are "freebies" you find, some require mage lore, some require completing tasks.  Finally, there are a couple "point of no return" decision points, so keep back up copies available in case you get in over your head.  (You may not know it until you can't get out...)Much thanks to my beta testers, who at times went beyond the call of duty to try to help me track down insideous bugs.  Andrew Barton, Tarl Roger Kudrick, Brett Bixler, and Ian Klinkhamer.  All remaining errors (and there are sure to be some in spite of all of all best efforts) are mine.Enough lecturing- go have fun.  And remember to vote for this and all other scenarios you play on the Spiderweb site.Ben