Welcome to Virtual Confession Booth 1.0.0.This scenario was written as an entry into the "Don't Fix the Shark" competition run by Olympia.Under the rules of the contest, one of the factors was how well a scenario could be written leaving things out. ie indoors, nodes, dialogue.I decided to leave out EVERYTHING.This scenario has:NO custom graphics,NO terrain graphics of any sort at all actually,NO towns beyond the starting one,NO SDFs,NO dialogue texts other than the starting oneand finally and most difficult to utilise: NO movement of any sort.My first idea was to do a kind of take on Dalton Trumbo's "Johnny Got His Gun" better known these days as the inspiration for Metallica's "One". Snippets of the film version can be seen in the video clip. It concerned a basket case who was made blind and deaf and loses all his limbs through war. I tossed out this idea because even when you are like this your imagination can still run rampant.So I thought to myself, where would you find yourself, unable to go anywhere or see anything that could be transferred to a BoE scenario and thus Virtual Confession Booth was born.I'm not a Catholic, I'm Jewish, but like many Non-Catholics I find the trappings of this religion extremely curious. The absolving of sins and putting yourself in a state of grace is a particularly unusual one. I can think of no other religion where you go to purgatory for longer if you happen to die on a Saturday than if you died on a Monday. If I have been inaccurate at exactly what is said in the confessional, please contact me at stephen_masel@hotmail.com. Also, the penances that the program dishes out are random as I don't have any idea what an appropriate penance for a particular sin is, let alone be able to list what the mortal and venal and various special kinds of sins are. You can email with details or, better yet, include them yourself in the scenario.This scenario also isn't acceptable as a priest to the catholic church simply because it hasn't been ordained yet and therefore can't act as an agent of God, but if your not particulalry fussy. It actually is an ordained priest of another religion. The Church of the Subgenius (www.subgenius.com) will ordain you so I asked them if they could ordain a computer generated priest instead and they said yes. I'm waiting on the card.I don't want the scenario to cause any offence and for that reason I not added a password so that doubting Thomases out there can see for themselves that I haven't written "nataS sevol uoy." in spare dialogue spots or covered the outdoor section with pentacles and upside down crucifixes as, in a moment of being juvenile, I planned to do.I hope you find it useful.XOXO Measle