*****THE ISLE OF BOREDOM*****

Written by: The Creator

Thank you for taking the time out to download this scenario and even 
read this file.

CONTENTS OF .ZIP FILE:

kurnis.exs - The scenario itself.

kurnis hints.txt - Hint file, for when you get stuck.

kurnis.bmp - custom graphics file for windows.

kurnis.meg - custom graphics file for mac.

kurnis.txt - readme file, you know, that thing you're looking at right
now.

OPTIMAL PARTY LEVEL:

It all depends on your skill level. A player who's only had Blades of
Exile for a while and is still getting used to it should use a level 15
party or thereabouts. On the other hand, an expert player may want to 
give him/herself a challenge by starting with a fresh party. Most 
people would land somewhere in between. I would recommend a party that
has already gone through one small/very small scenario, or a new party
that has been beefed up a bit with the character editor. Use your own
judgement. Keep in mind that monster strength is likely to increase
faster than party strength.

NOTE: After the initial release of this scenario I recieved some
complaints about the difficulty. I therefore add this disclaimer. The
Isle of Boredom, while not combat based, does present some tactical
challenges that will be too difficult for some players. However, these
can almost always be bypassed. You'll just miss out on some stuff. 
Attempting the scenario with a fresh party should only be done by those
who are truly arrogant about their playing skill (like me). ;-)

WARNING: This scenario is classified as Very High. This is mostly to
prevent monster hp from doubling, though that shouldn't cause much of a
problem anyway. However, a lot of the puzzles in this scenario are 
quite difficult and intended for experienced players. There is a hint 
file included in case you get stuck, but I recommend that you 
use this only as a last resort.

CUSTOM GRAPHICS:

All custom graphics used in this scenario are either adaptations of BoE
graphics or my own original artwork. If you think that they're shoddy, 
feel free to do a few of your own and send them to me. I might include
them in a later version. Then again, I might not.

On the other hand, if you think they are absolutely brilliant and you
want to use them in your own scenario, go ahead. Just make sure you 
give me credit for them in your readme file. It would also be nice if
you emailed me first.

I might add that I think both of these situations are highly unlikely.
I added them in there just for the heck of it.

KNOWN BUGS:

As my first effort, The Isle of Boredom is a bit buggy in places (though it's mostly okay). I believe I have fixed all fatal ones, but a few others still exist. Remember to keep back-up save files, just in case! If you have problems, please don't hesitate to contact me.

Some of the bugs in this scenario can be avoided if you follow these small restrictions.

- Do not leave town with the character editor.
- Do not cast Word of Recall.
- Do not use a party above the recommended level.
- Keep each PC with at least one inventory slot free.
- Do not let any character max out in Defense.
- Don't change the number of PCs in your party over the course of the 
scenario.

As you can see, considering that this is a fairly low level scenario, 
most of these will not cause you problems as long as you don't cheat.

There are a few other known bugs, some that I have not fixed because I don't know how, others because they are only minor problems and aren't worth the effort.

STORYLINE: 

Ah yes, the storyline. The part of the scenario that we love the most.
In this case, it's not very interesting. You're out-of-work adventurers
who take a ship to the remote island of Kurnis looking for a mission.
You strike it bad on two counts: There isn't a single monster on Kurnis
and even fewer missions and, just to make it worse, you miss your boat
back off the island. To top it off, it's a month before the next ship
comes in. Until then, this island is your home.

And thus the desperate search for a mission begins...

NOTE: The very beginning of the scenario might not make a lot of sense
at first (and be somewhat annoying as well), but don't worry. Things will be explained. 

THANKS TO:

iambobsushi for providing a beta testers forum for this scenario at 
his Message Boards. I appreciated it a lot.

iambobsushi, Morgan Wild and Miguel Angel Goicochea, for beta testing 
this scenario for me.

Jeff Vogel for creating the Blades of Exile Scenario Editor!

- "The Creator", Stephen Ashby.

CONTACT INFO:

If you want to send me fan mail (please?), beg for a sequel, tell me
about some bug that is still unsquished, politely inform me that the world would be a better place if I stopped making scenarios, or for that matter, stopped breathing, or if you would like to contact me for any other reason, you can reach me by:

Emailing me at barcoorah@mail.com

Or contacting me on one of the Blades of Exile message boards..

Or, if you REALLY want to abuse me, email me at notmyaddress@alias.com

ENJOY PLAYING!


History:

v1.0.0 - Initial release. Takes 1st place in the Best Newcomer section
of the Fourth Scenario Design Contest and is a finalist for Best
Scenario.

v1.0.1 - Many minor bug fixes. Thanks to all who helped by pointing 
these out to me, especially Andrew Barton.

v1.0.2 - Several potentially fatal bugs fixed.

v1.0.3 - More bugs fixed, others left unfixed because they aren't major and I'm too lazy to do anything about them.
































Why are you still reading this? The readme is over, finished, done,
completed, no longer necessary! Go play the scenario!