The Brotherhood Of The Hand
by Chris "Drizzt" Risberg
risberg@aol.com
members.aol.com/risberg/blades
A Blades of Exile Scenario
v1.4.0



The Brotherhood Of The Hand

Written by Chris "Drizzt" Risberg

The Brotherhood Of The Hand is designed for high level parties,
and is rated R.

Many thanks to the beta testers for this scenario:  Ruediger and Jayne, and much
additional feedback from Skyle for this release.  It escapes me why I forgot to thank 
Jayne and Ruediger in the previous outland.txt files, but they are finally properly
noted here with this release.  Many apologies.

Graphics (once again) freely borrowed from:

Dark Elf (Drizzt) - Aceron
Arch Warlock (Kamil), Axe Champion (Samuel), Golden Knight, Juggler,
Menion (Stranger) - Relhan
Sage (Messenger) - Drk Draxis
Royal Soldier (Captain Miller), Royal Guard, Red Guard, Shadow Dragon - Tim Farland
Jelly Cube - Luz Piazuelo
Spirit, Lich dialogues - Motrax
Warrior dialogue (Camteron) - Fiend's BoE Page


These authors have given much to the Blades community by offering their work for
use by others.  Thank you!  All other graphics were modified by me, or taken from 
public domain pictures.

The version of this scenario that you have may not be the latest!  Check the web site
at http://members.aol.com/risberg/blades and verify that you have the most up to date 
release.


General Hints:

The Brotherhood Of The Hand is not a very long scenario, and can be completed with very
little problem solving and only a few larger battles.  I have tried to make the main 
emphasis on the story, and have put as little as possible in the way of its telling.

Those of you who have played my first scenario The Forsaken will recognize names and
references to events that occured in it.  It is not required that you completed The 
Forsaken to play this scenario, although I recommend it.  Some things will make a 
bit more sense.

To fully uncover all of the events in this scenario, however, will require a bit more
effort than required to just complete it.  There are some difficult and (I think)
rather unique puzzles.  Feel free to email me or post to one of the BoE message 
boards for hints.  Links to these message boards can be found on my Blades web page.

I'd love to hear your comments on this scenario!  Please email me, good or bad.
Thanks for trying The Brotherhood Of The Hand.  I hope you enjoy it.

Version History:

v1.0.0 - Began work around 11/21/99.
	 Released for beta testing 3/3/00.

v1.1.0 - Bunch of changes made.  Released 3/20/00.

v1.2.0 - Some minor changes, fixed portcullis bug, and nasty bug where if any Jugglers
         were killed, the ring was unavailable.  Thanks to Caligula for his input and 
         relaying of comments from the message boards.  Released 6/04/00.

v1.3.0 - One very minor bug fix not really worth its own version.  
         Released anyway 9/29/00.

v1.4.0 - Some changes as recommended by Skyle.  Among other things, the trainer .exs
	 was enhanced with additional items and alchemy ingredients, and identification
	 and training were added, as training was conspicuously absent after Fort Dulak,
	 and identification was never available.  Released 9/3/01.

