"Redemption" is a Blades of Exile scenario by Ian Klinkhamer, [C] 1999.
It is designed for high level parties, and is rated R.

If you have any comments, questions, concerns, or complaints, feel free
to contact me at: klinkham@juno.com.  Before playing, please make sure 
the graphics are working properly.  Ask the sheep for more information.

There are two ways to play this scenario, to *FINISH* and to *WIN*.
Finshing should prove relatively easy.  Winning should be very
difficult.  Finishing is likely to leave you wondering exactly what
the heck happened, and is intended to leave many questions unresovled.

There are many distinctions between the two paths, the most notable
being the ending.  Each ending will inform you of what you have
achieved, indicating whether you have either finished or won the
scenario.

As of the current version, 1.01, the Hall of Fame is still open.  The
Hall of Fame consists of those players who were the first to go above
and beyond the most basic aspects of this scenario, and truly explore
the world.  There are four wings of the Hall of Fame.  The first wing
will contain the first ten players to win the scenario.  To enter this
wing, email me with the results that occurred when you won, and how you
got there.  The second wing consists of the first five players to 
correctly identify the seven characters who appear in both "Of Good And 
Evil" and "Redemption".  To enter this wing, email me with their names,
and where you found them.  The third wing consists of the first five
players to recover the Amulet of Doran.  To enter this wing, email me
telling me how and where you recovered the amulet.  The final wing 
consists of the first player the enter all three other wings.

To see the current status of the Hall of Fame, visit it at:
http://members.dencity.com/Alcritas/redemhall.html

My BOE Page, The Lyceum, can be found at:
http://homes.arealcity.com/Alcritas/index.html

*Until each particular wing of the Hall is filled, I will NOT
answer questions about how to complete the requirements of that
hall.  For example, until five people recover the Amulet of Doran,
I will not answer any questions about how to recover the Amulet of Doran
I will answer general, how-to-finish questions.*


I'd like to thank all the people that helped make this scenario possible
- my very capable beta testers, Peter Hawkinson, Andrew Barton, and
Tharma. 

I'd also like to thank the artists who helped me create this world - 
Relhan, Tim Farland, Birdy, Dante, and especially Zaloopa.  Below you 
will find a list of which graphics were created by which artists.  All
custom graphics not listed are either originals or edits by me.


Relhan created the Mill Wheel, Order Mage, and Death Mist.
Tim Farland created the Grey Werewolf and the Banshee.
Draxis created the Red Rune and the Desert Terrain.
Dante created the Pick Axe.
Birdy created the Cardinal, which I edited into the Crow.
Zaloopa created the Scarecrow, Portal, Sack of Wheat, the two
Dead Mages, and the severed head.

