TO THE QUICK
A Blades of Exile Scenario Copyright 1999 by Lew Titterton
Blades of Exile Copyright 1997-98 by Jeff Vogel and Spiderweb Software

CONTACT INFO
I can be reached with the following email: ltittert@tufts.edu. 
If you'd like the password to my scenario, or if you want to borrow graphics,
characters, or any other elements, that's no problem. Just ask my permission
and give me credit in your documentation. Any bugs to report or suggestions
for improvement would be most appreciated. If you love it, great. If you hate
it, I'm sorry--and surprised--but I'd like to hear what I did wrong so I can
improve. Just try to keep the criticism constructive.

RATING/DISCLAIMER
"To the Quick" is rated R. Please be aware of this and the reasons for it:
-heavy violence and fairly gory descriptions
-sex and profanity (neither in abundance)
-a subplot involving an evil religious cult
None of these things are meant to offend. Nor is the name "Ali-Azad," which, though perhaps
Mid-Eastern-sounding, is an invention of mine with no religious or ethnic connotation. If you
are young or especially sensitive, I recommend playing instead one of the many fine G or PG
scenarios available.

RECOMMENDED LEVEL
The recommended level for "To the Quick" is a party of level 15 (lower will
likely be too hard). The scenario itself may say "High Level," but this is 
done so that should a party reach level 18 or higher during the scenario, 
monsters do not get tougher. Beginning with a high level party will 
likely make the scenario too easy and is not recommended.

VERSION 1.02--SIGNIFICANT CHANGES
-Ali-Azad is harder.
-The plot is more cohesive. (Previously optional boards and storylines are now integrated
	into the main plot.)
-The Kwikblayd is better, and appropriately harder to obtain.
-A new level under Moon Point has been created. It is optional, but relates to the main plot,
	deepens the story, and, I hope, improves the scenario.
-Truncated Mac text (a Blades cross-platform bug I tried to avoid in the first version)
	has been fixed. Some may still remain, but a conscientious 
	effort was made to eliminate it all. If any is found, please inform me.
-Innumerable little improvements have been made.
-The attached text files have been completely redone.

CUSTOM GRAPHICS
Graphics were designed on a PC. Previous versions had bad Mac graphics due to a conversion 
mistake done by Spidweb. They have since fixed them. As a result, the graphics
should now load properly on both platforms, however if for whatever reason there 
is a problem please email me. Most graphics are modified from existing Exile graphics.  
The "Glowing Portcullis" is a direct lift from Spidweb's "Valley of Dying
Things."  The "Giant Centipede" is totally original.

THANKS
Beta Testing: John Fuhrer, Sean Rea, Juliet Rowley, Robyn Pridham

Game Creation: Jeff Vogel & everyone at Spiderweb for making the best shareware games in the
world. Richard Garriott, who created the superb Ultima series of games by Origin Systems. 
They made me a role playing fanatic since age seven and helped inspire Exile.

Music Guru: Pete Townshend (Listening to old Who albums during scenario
design is very beneficial, at least for me.)

KNOWN BUGS
I've made every attempt to eliminate bugs, but some are inherent to Blades.
Among them, the random appearance of creatures known as "Empties." They have
no skills and die easily, and don't really affect the game. Any other bugs 
(mine, Blades, whatever), please let me know. Even telling me about little typos
is fine; I'm always redoing, expanding, revising...

PLEASE CONSULT QUICKHINT.TXT FOR HINTS AND QUESTIONS ANSWERED