Spy’s Quest	Thank you for downloading Spy’s Quest!  I do hope you find your playing experience as enjoyable as possible!  After all, without you players, who would play the scenarios designed?!What is Spy’s Quest? 	Spy’s Quest is a scenario that takes place about 10 years after Exile III.  It is set on the continent of Aizo; the first continent of the Empire although the ruling seat is in Pralgad.  It includes 56 towns or dungeons, 48 outdoor sections, over 100 NPCs and over 250 pages of text!  It also uses a custom graphics file using classic Exile terrain.	Today the continent of Aizo is being ravaged by a rebellion; a rebellion larger than that of any other in Empire history.  What is so odd is that the rebels are almost mindless.  They know no fear and are not afraid to give up their lives at their goal; the total destruction of Aizo.  Rarely do they speak.  It is almost if, they are being controlled by someone or something.  It is your job to assist the Empire in fighting this off.	And so, you are in Imperius, the former capital of the Empire.  You are to meet with a man named Dehnalar.  So with your equipment ready you set out for a new and exciting adventure!!What kind of Party should I use?	I recommend a 6 PC party although it is possible to win with a 5 PC party.  Party balance is essential as the combat ranges from melee weapon fights to missile weapon shootouts to offensive spells duels to using mage and priest defensive spells before attacking.  Your party should start at about level 30.  Do not worry, the challenges in Spy’s Quest will to raise your party members to level 50 by the end.Disclaimers	This scenario emphasizes logic puzzles as well as heavy combat.  An artificially strengthened and unreasonable party will not find fun in the fighting.  Of course, logic puzzles are your playing ability, not of your PCs.	One other thing is that some things could be disturbing to some people.  Generally, this should not be the case.  However, there are a few who do not take well to some things.  Do not worry, they are about as violent as the original Exile games or A Mild Rebellion.	One dungeon has a logic puzzle involving a pentagram that requires following certain instructions in the game.  The instructions are harmless and mean very little outside of this puzzle.	Also, do not complain if anything offends you; you have been warned!!  Play at your own risk!Advice on Game Play	Alchemy skill is advisable, make it a priority to maximize one PC's alchemy skill.  Without it, this game will be much more difficult as some dungeons drain HP or SP by a counter (similar to Exile III's Tower of Zkal).  Do not worry, there is an ample supply of alchemy ingredients. Take note of alchemy sources outdoors and in towns.	Certain mage and priest spells cannot be purchased; Mage Lore is important.	Be sure to speak with everyone on the Aizo council!  All of them are important and have important information!!  If something sounds important, take note of it via the record function or paper.  You might want to have paper handy to help solve logic puzzles.	Most importantly, do not dawdle!!  There is a time limit!  You will know when time is getting short.  Edit day is not advisable as you could experience bugs.  Otherwise, play as desired!  Horses are available.	It is a good idea to make a rough paper map of important outdoor areas as your party may be coming back to them.  Note mountain passes, bridges, towns, unique areas - swamps, rock formations, etc., and unmapped areas. You don't want to take the long way between point A and point B.Known BOE bugs that hamper Spy’s Quest	Sometimes when outdoor combat begins in a different outdoor section than the monsters originated, the wrong special will be called.  So if weird things happen at the beginning of combat, know it is a BOE bug.  (I could fix this so that this will not happen but it is very unfeasible to do so now as I would have to reprogram the entire outdoors).	DO NOT CAST WORD OF RECALL AFTER PASSING THROUGH THE PORTAL IN THE OLD TOWER!!  THE GAME WILL BE UNWINNABLE IF YOU DO!!!Bugs Fixed:In the Aizo Treasury, a flag was used twice due to a mistyped field.  This is corrected.Various Looking Blocks were added.Some dialogue inconsistancies fixed.Support & Assistance	Be sure to visit my web page at www.geocities.com/TimesSquare/Lair/4694/.  This gives walkthroughs, hints, and a broader storyline.	You also may want to read the Tactics-P (Tactics for the Player) article by one of my testers, Jamie Clark.  Go to www.kfalls.net/~jamclark/Tactics-P.zip to read this.	If you have real trouble, bug reports, or feedback (please give!!  I want to hear what you think) e-mail me at bkiedrow@coredcs.com.CreditsAuthor - Brian “Stareye” Kiedrowski (bkiedrow@coredcs.com)Graphics - Spiderweb Software & Brian “Stareye” KiedrowskiTesters - Jamie Clark	     Ruediger Proff	     Elizabeth	     Oliver Clark	     Akhronath	     Lump (Robin Seneka)	     Kitty O’Neal	and any of the other people who made suggestions not listed here.Read Me File By:  Brian “Stareye” Kiedrowski & Jamie ClarkSpecial Thanks To - Jeff Vogel, Mariann Krizsan, and you for playing this!!Enjoy Spy’s Quest!!- Brian “Stareye” Kiedrowski