Credits for 
Shadow Of The Stranger
A Blades Of Exile Scenario
By Chris Risberg
Version 1.3.0

risberg@aol.com
http://members.aol.com/risberg/blades/

This version of the scenario you have might not be the most up to date!  Check out 
the web site above for the latest information.

It's finally done.  The story that I began over three years ago with The Forsaken, 
and continued with The Brotherhood Of The Hand, has finally reached its conclusion in
this scenario.  It is not required that you have completed these two scenarios, but I
strongly recommend it.

Thanks are due to the many people who helped make this possible:

My beta testers Skyle, Morgan, Bob the Impaler, Terrors Martyr, and Big Words.  They 
all contributed to get rid of many bugs, some quite nasty, that would have otherwise 
escaped my detection.  Skyle in particular offered a tremendous amount of feedback 
and testing that greatly improved this scenario.  Thanks to all!

This scenario was developed using Skyle's Alternative Bladbase 1.30, which is a 
much-improved version of the Bladbase file that comes with the program.  Skyle has 
fixed many bugs, tweaked some things, added and changed many monsters and items, 
creating a solid foundation on which to create scenarios.  I recommend it to every 
designer.


The artists who offer their work to the Blades community, whose graphics I have 
eagerly used:

Aceron - Drizzt, Gwennyth (cloaked), Goe-Maethen (both), various shields and swords,
         lightning, dialogues Mages, Stairway, City, Message, Burning City, Desert
Relhan - Stranger (both), Fog, Gravekeeper, Samuel, Drake spirit, Drake skeletons
Simmic - Grate (dialogue and terrain), dialogue Skeleton
Luz Piazuelo - Jelly cube, stairways, Soulless, Gravestone (rounded top),
               City, dialogue Night Battle
Fiend's BoE page - dialogues Camteron, Gwennyth, Goe-Maethen, Red Hooded Man, Wizard
Tim Farland - Gwennyth dialogue, Fireplace, Royal Guard, Royal Soldier, Fell Drake,
              Gwennyth (in black), Ice Dragon, Elite Guard, Empire Warrior
DRK DRAXIS - Wooden floor set, Wooden wall set, Desert terrain
Andrew Smith - Ice wall
Paul Henderson and Tony Jordan - Ice floors
Justifier - Bat
Camillia Kantola - Desert colossus

I also must thank again Jayne Holt and Ruediger, who offered much input for 
Brotherhood, and were thanked within the scenario, yet I inexplicably left them out 
of the Readme file.  Many apologies.

Evan Williams wrote a good article about the Word Of Recall spell that was the 
inspiration for a certain cube-shaped item in this scenario.  The article can be found 
on Spiderweb Software's Articles and Answers page, and also at the Scenario Design
Resource, found at my web page.

Lew Titterton wrote an article about replacing terrain with items, and I happily did
just that with rugs, plants, and a few other things.  This was a nice touch and something
I will do in future scenarios, as well.  His article can be found at the Lyceum.

Alcritas first implemented The Way Out special item in one of his scenarios, and he
also deserves credit for other minor inspirations here and there.  There is a link to
his Blades page on my website.


Scenario History:

Began work 6/2000 - released v0.0.9 for beta testing on 9/19/01

v1.0.0 - Many changes, released 11/01/01.
v1.1.0 - Several bug fixes and minor changes.  Finished bean pet quests and cemetary.
         Released 12/10/01.
v1.2.0 - More rather minor bugs fixed, updated help file with info about item loss 
         and monsters in the walls.  Thanks to Janus and The Creator for their input.
         Released 2/26/02.
v1.3.0 - Yet more bugs fixed, added some alchemy ingredients previously not found in
         the scenario.  Thanks to (who else?) Andrew Barton for his help and input.
         Released 9/18/02.