

"The Goblin Grotto" is a scenario trainer utility for
general use.  Unlike other training scenarios, the Goblin
Grotto is designed for insertion INTO another scenario,
eliminating the need for an additional .exs file, useful
given the limited number the Blades of Exile game can display
at any given time.  If you have any comments, questions,
concerns, or complains, feel free to contact me at:
klinkham@juno.com.

You may use and modify "The Goblin Grotto" is any way
you see fit, so long as credit is given in your scenario,
or the scenario's documents.  You may also freely distribute
this utility, so long as the distributed copy does not
vary in any way from the original.

To use "The Goblin Grotto", create a large town in your 
scenario, and choose the import function.  Select town
#1, and choose ggrotto.exs from the menu.  "The Goblin Grotto"
will have been imported into your scenario.

Things of note:

1. "The Goblin Grotto" uses SDFs 157,0 to 157,5.
Hopefully, these are random enough to prevent duplication
in your scenario.  If not, you will have to change one
of the two duplicated flags.

2. There are two NPCs in "The Goblin Grotto".  If you
import 'Grotto' into a town # that is NOT #1, you will
need to adjust their personalities to the correct town #.  
(Eg, if you import 'Grotto' into town # 13, change their
personalities #'s from 10 and 11, to 130 and 131 respectively.)

3. "The Goblin Grotto" uses six monster classes:

#1 Townsperson
#38 Goblin
#39 Goblin Fighter
#115 Wolf
#116 Worg
#169 Dryad

If you have modified any of these monster classes, you may wish
to make alterations accordingly.

4. "The Goblin Grotto" uses the following default items:

#0 Gold, #1 Bread and Meat, #25 Torches

If you have modified any of these items, you will likely
wish to make correcting alterations.
In the default settings, the party will receive 2500 gold,
50 food, and 6 torches at the start of the dungeon.  In
addition, 5000 gold can be found in the Goblin's fort.


5. Fred the merchant will provide the following services in
the default setting:

He will train the party.
He will identify items for 1 gold each.
He will buy all items.
He will sell all bronze melee weapons.
He will sell all bucklers (including the magic buckler) and
all regular shields except the magic shield.
He will sell both leather suits and all bronze suits of armor.
He will sell torches.
Fred will sell mage and priest spells, as well as alchemy
recipes.  The default setting for each has him selling only
the first item in each list.
Fred also has a "unique item" he will sell.  The default setting
for this is lamps.
All prices for Fred begin at -2- (pretty average) where appropriate.

6. Idraine the Dryad will provide a reward for the party if 
found, once all the Goblins/Worgs/Wolves are killed.  The
default setting rewards the party with 1000 gold, and a
medium energy potion.  To change this, adjust special 
node #18.

7. The main feature of "The Goblin Grotto" is that every time
an enemy is killed, a special node is called awarding the
party with a set number of experience points, allowing rapid
advancement.  The utility allows for the setting of three
levels - easy, average, and hard.  The easy setting gives
the party the bonus from special nodes #3, #5, and #7.
Average awards the party from special nodes #3 and #5, whereas
hard only give the party #3.

Using the default settings, a beginner level party will
advance to levels 8-10 on hard, 12-14 on average, 16-18
on easy.  The utility allows the party to choose which
setting they want, the default is hard.

8. Every creature's (both friendly and hostile) life flag
is set to the same value, so as soon as the party kills
any creature, and then leaves the town, is will be empty
when they return.


