Solving the HammerKeep Scenario


The first thing that should be said is that there are a variety of possible
outcomes to this scenario and additionally a variety of ways to go about
getting there. In brief synopsis, the solution to HammerKeep is in killing all 
of the leading conspirators against the Empire.This solution will only cover
what is pretty much neccessary to solve the scenario.

	When the scenario starts your party will be in the town of Burgess.
You may choose to adventure here or head straight to the Hamlet of Gord.In
Gord You must meet with Nirvil to get your starting payment. Also you will
want to speak to Gold at the Inn and ask about either the ring or Wilfred 
and the giants. 

	In the town of Burgess you must talk to the sage about the giants or
Orcs and HammerKeep. The name he gives will become very important at a later
time. 

	The town of Greschel has a secret entrance beneath a glyph which when 
entered will place you in Greschel Hollow. In Greschel Hollow you must ask 
Asterain about his friend or the name given by the sage of Burgess.He will
direct you to a map.

	The map will direct you to a region in southeastern Pitkern. You must
be standing in the area described by the map for it to complete it's sequence.

	Once the Hideout is revealed you must enter and go to the bookcase to 
get the journal. The journal directs you to a map hidden under one of the rugs
in the room. All you will need to do is look at it or walk over it.
The map will tell of a secret northern pass to enter Hammerkeep. Inside
HammerKeep you must kill Kang the Orc Warlord to get a note with the location
of the secret entrances to the dungeon and temple.

	You must go to Brindlerun, the small island in Central Pitkern, and kill
the Wyvern that plagues the east of the isle. This will provide you with the 
key needed to  actuate the elevator at the northeast corner of the troglodyte 
caves.

	You must jump on the elevator and take it down but do not get off when 
the elevator stops, instead wait for a moment until it starts again. It will go
 half way up and then stop. You must try to climb in order for the secret entrance
 to the Temple level to open. Once in the temple level you can go kill Nicephorus
to obtain his scarab. The scarab can be taken to Gold to obtain her necklace 
( or just kill her at the beginning of the scenario ) but this isn't neccessary.

	The necklace is a holy periapt which will destroy the secret temple which
will be found by entering the secret entrance of the temple level at 36,36 and 
following the corridor to the secret doors at the other end.

	When you have killed Khava Rill in the secret temple you may enter the
secret door at 35,44  or use a few move mountain spells to finish off the terrain
that the explosion didn't. Then enter the secret room to search the bookcase and find a list.
 This is a list of conspirators which you must then go kill to finish the scenario. 

Nervil is in the Hamlet of Gord @ 12,15 but will go to the 
bottom level of the dungeon or Orc Barracks @ 8,60
beneath the Trog caverns after Nicephorus is killed.
Mayor Barks and Cleodorn are in HammerKeep @ 46, 16 & 17
Kang is in HKeep 2nd floor @ 35,51
Nicephorus Phocus is in the Temple @ 32,16  	
Khava Rill is in the Secret Temple @ 36,43
Derban Harfle is in Burgess @ The Blacksmith shop
Asterain is in Greschel Hollow @ 7,27
Langer is in Eaglepeace Abbey @ 8,11
Hogur is in the Firecaves @ 53,48
The Nephil Chief is in Nephiltown @ 5,7
Randall is at his keep @ 14,20



	The following is a list of actions that are loads of fun and/or 
are quite profitable but really aren't neccessary.

1>Killing the assassin sent by Phocus at Burgess before the twelfth day.

2>Taking the Scarab of Phocus to Burgess and using it to trap the soul of John.
and returning to the secret temple to get paid!

3>Taking the Scarab of Phocus to Gold to get the holy periapt and destroying the
secret temple. {Both 2 and 3 can be done but only in that order}

4> Walking over the glyph in the secret temple with the sceptre of Khava to 
summon the demon golem and talk to him about Phocus and John.
{required for funstuff 2}

5> Talking to Drumgord about Buying large food ration from Harla Greschel in
Greschel Hollow.

6> Doing Battle with the Minotaur in the Crystal Caves of Northern Pitkern.

7> Killing Kaleel the Witch 

8> Battling the Giant Siege at Crassus.

9> Raiding the Gold mines of Pitkern Isle and trying a little excavating.
    'I hear there's a little somethin' extra down there.'

10> Visiting Last Bastion to further the PCs and meet the Latin speaking,
   Half man, Half Giant. Don't forget to buy a few arrows before you leave.

11> Getting off the elevator (in the troglodyte caves)on the lower floor and 
   wandering around in the catacombs for a couple of weeks. ( HA!) 
   I wanted to set up specials in a few places of the Labrynth that would eliminate 
   the current collected map but with my lack of experience with C++ I just couldn't
   figure it out in time     ..OH WELL!

12> Take a boat ride from Nephiltown 

13> Talk to JT in Burgess about weapons.

LAST BUT NOT LEAST IS THE SUM.XXX  THIS IS A SUMMATION OF THE EVENTS OF THE 
THE SCENARIOS' "BEHIND THE SCENES". JUST RENAME TO Sum.txt TO READ IT.

BE SURE TO WATCH FOR THE SEQUEL TO HAMMERKEEP. " THE ORB OF SHIANNA"


  
HammerKeep Scenario v.1.0.0




3



