Doom Moon I: The rescueAuthor’s Name: Andres Sergio Gonzales Tomanyi.Age: 18.Email address: arpadgon@caoba.entelnet.boScenario Name: Doom Moon I: The rescue.Technical Scenario Details:Outdoor sections: 4 (But only 3 of them are used.)Towns: 32Work Time : 50 days.Record Time in passing the scenario: 6.5 hrs.Worst Time in passing the scenario: 20 hrs.Requirements:- Obviously a registered copy of Blades of Exile.- Enter the pary maker with a Level 1 Party. Follow the instructions, and then enter the Doom Moon Scenario. It is highly recommended that you do it that way!- At least one priest capable of casting Move Mountains - A mage capable of casting Unlock Doors.The author recommends:- One or more party members with high ability in the use of edged weapons.- If you use a Party with higher level than 30, the scenario might turn too easy.What you shouldn’t expect from this scenario:- To be the treasure’s heaven.- To be somekind of BoE utility.- To be boring.- To be too easy.WARNING:- This scenario is definitly NOT for first-timers. They won’t survive long in the Doom Moon.- This scenario contains many hard puzzles to solve. Check the hint section of this file is you get stuck. If you still can't get through, contact me. I will glady give you a hint or two.Legal stuff:- I don’t know much about legal stuff, but since everyone talks about it, I want to mention this: the custom graphics included in DOOM MOON are only modified versions of the original graphics that come with Blades of Exile. I don’t hold/have any copyrights or something like that over them. I don’t claim them as my creations. Anyone who wants to use them in their own scenarios is free to do it as long as they ask Spider Web software, who hold the copyright over the original graphics.- SpiderWeb is free to distribute this scenario as their will dictates.Testing:- This scenario has been depurated as much as possible. There is no way to make the scenario unwinable, and if there is (actually I know of one) is so elaborate that you could only do it if you really wanted to make the game unwinable.- The scenario may have a bug here and there; please report them so that they can be fixed.DON’Ts to enjoy Doom Moon:DON’T: use the character editor’s ability to take you out of town. It may make the game unwinable.DON’T: play in Debug mode. It ALWAYS makes the game unwinable.(That is because in debug mode monsters never leave treasure. In certain levels you need a special item always left by the monsters when killed.)Technical Note: some puzzles and hints are given to you through special effects. It is best to turn on graphic frills on the preferences window while playing Doom Moon. If your machine is too slow, turn them off. At special places in the game, signs will ask you to turn them on.Doom Moon dynamics:- Doom Moon is a scenario that has a special thing: here many things can be destroyed. This means that if a pillar is in your way, shoot a fireball at it!. If you think that behind the wall is the treasure room, attack the wall and destroy it!. If you think that the dark altar is a souce of great evil, launch a flame spell to it, and it will be destroyed.- Doom Moon uses TONS of secret passages. The Doom Moon Temple is full of traps and tricks. ALWAYS look for secret passages, even where it seems imposible.- Use your common sense. If you are at one side of the pit, and you see a lever on the other side, throw a rock or a spell to the lever, and probably something will happen.- If you get stuck somewhere DON’T think that I forgot something or that its a bug. You probably forgot to do something, or left an special item somewhere. If you are sure you did everything, please contact me to check that out. I will gladly give you a hint or two.THANKS FOR TRYING DOOM MOON. I HOPE YOU ENJOY IT.----------- WARNING: Here comes the hint section for the thoughest puzzles. Read this only if it is really necesary. Don't spoil your fun!1. How do I leave the scenario!?- Because it went against the story line, you can’t leave the scenario at anytime. There are two ways to leave it. The first one is that you kill the Lich, and, WITHOUT entering his treasure room, you go back to Bahke’s Tower, and talk with Bahke. Ask him about Amber, Okay, and Unsure. Then go out of the tower and go to the special encounter to the left. You will be able to leave the scenario. The second way is this one: after passing the two tests, and entering the portal, go directly to the Main Tower of the Temple of the Moon of Doom. Fight your way in, enter the first level of the catacombs, get the red key in the northeast corner, go back to the main level, then go upwards, use the red key, enter the priests’ chambers, find Amber and then go to the special encounter near the forest where you appear after taking the portal. You will be able to leave. After rescuing Amber you can leave the scenario anytime you want by going to that place. If you entered the scenario with a too weak party, use the character editor.--- Puzzle Hints....---Creepy Crypt:L1: A new alcoholic drink: Key on the rocks.L2: Rocks are the key; 'X' how they should be placed on the floor.---Intelligence Test:Seat Puzzle: One may seam not to do anything, but it does. And when it works you don't need to seat anywhere anymore; just continue. Pass by.---Dexterity Test:Mind: Cast spells over things and monsters. If something gets in your way, destroy it.Group: Combat mode should help the runes.---Main Tower:Every pedestal will teach the gem it likes.---Catacombs:L1: The levers do open things; but you aren't told anything when they do. Try again, again and again. Com-ring should help if equipped.L2: Tons and tons of secret passages.L3: Destroy evil sources... aside from evil monsters. 'Clicks no klangs' for the runes. Admire the picture...long time.---Priests' Chambers: The portcullis is nice. Watch it. Magic map is of great help.---Initiation Test: The lonely rune opens a new secret passage where the blades crossed once.---Doom Tower:L1: Carefull instruction were left to follow; read carefully; write them down if possible. The place to follow those instructions is upper-right.L2: The guardians' possesion is something green. Fire on center.Top: Three. 3. Three. Yep. 3.--- Guardian Post:A very interesting conversation can be hold with the ghost...--- Hell Portal:Each portal will tell you what it misses.---Fire castle:The way to DemonSoul is north from entrance; let the walls guide you.---Demon Tower:L1: Hellfire holds the clue to the key.L2: Step in the axe;  the pillars want a rest. They want you to help them. Sit in the four thrones. Answer the four thrones. The traitor knows the way... past the altar.---...????....Four runes, four pentagrams, four teleportations, and four rug-surrounded-runes to place them. Breakable. Destroy if get in way. The guardian rules the secret passage... the one that is someway away from him... the crystals are not as though as they look. Place a bullet in a soldier's head for me. Thanks.---B. Tower Ruins:Secret passages...secret passages.---Groovy Tower:Looks like a sword, doesn't it? Maybe you have a sword...that has something wrong...Place a bullet in Nogard's head for me, too.Good Luck!