The Big Combat
------------------



Concord Province is being destroyed by these two evil dragons. They are senting their 
minions out to try to destroy the towns. But the town guard seems to fend them off. 
Commander Joel, the head Commander of the garrison in the city of Concord, asks for 
your help. He says that he wants you to help him defeat the dragons. 


What kind of party is approicate for this scenario?
-----------------------------------------------------

A very high level party. (30+) The dragons are pretty tough, because they have 1,500 
health points. If you find this too hard, you should turn on the "Make Game Easier" 
option in the Pefrences menu. Then the dragons will only have 750 health points. 
More on this is below.


How hard is this scenario?
---------------------------

It is very easy, but it is meant for a very high level party. I might think of making a 
trainer scenario that might boost your low level party up to the correct level. But 
your party will certain die if your playing with a newly made party. 

How to complete the scenario:
-------------------------------

It's very easy! You might want to perpare a little bit in the town you start in. 
(Warrior's Grove) Then leave the town and go up to Concord. Then go talk to Commander 
Joel, he's in the office in the barracks. He will tell you about the dragons, so 
you might want to take notes. After that, you should go prepare for your assault 
on the dragons by visiting each of the towns, to learn some good and useful spells, 
and to get some good items. Then when you think you are ready, you can enter the 
Dragon's Lair. 

Before you can enter the dragons lair, you have to fight a group of Drakes. That should 
be easy. After defeating the drakes, enter the dragons lair. When you enter the lair, 
read the dialog message that appears. Commander Joel and his soldiers will already be 
here fighting the two dragons and the drakes, and they want you to help. So help. 
This could be a tough fight, but with good weapons and magical items, you should be able 
to defeat the dragons. Just cast Major Blessing, then Avatar, then cast the spell "Kill" 
on one of the dragons, it might only do about 40 damage, but it's useful. Then after a 
few rounds of fighting, the dragons should die, then work on killing the drakes. Which 
should be easy. After both the dragons and the drakes are dead, talk to Commander Joel, 
and he will give your reward. He will give you a key, which will let you into a room 
in the Adventurer's Guild were your reward is. But before you leave, walk east. There's
a little area with boxes filled with good items. This is the dragons treasure room. But
on the sign it says, "Don't steal anything." but since the dragons are dead, you can go
and steal the dragons treasure. Then when your done stealing treasure here, go to the 
Adventurer's Guild and find the door and unlock the door with the key. The door is just 
across  the hallway from the inn. You will find some items. and bookshelves which give 
you some good spells. When your done here, you can leave the scenario by stepping the 
special in Warrior's Grove. Congrations! You win! 

This scenario is by:
S.M Adventurer

	
