	Version notice: If you have a saved game from a previous version and you want to incorporate the changes I made in later versions, go outside Sena Juna and type ">" to reset all towns and make changes. Don't forget that this will also mean that all dead, non-flagged, unimportant monsters will reset and re-appear, so you might want to do this after you have cleaned out an important dungeon/town. The changes are mostly cosmetic and not crucial, but there is a new level, special item, and monsters added off the Imbrosian Outpost.	Version 1.3.4e(nhanced) includes a two-level pirate ship, by Jamie Clark, off Epernay.  This version will not be submitted to Spiderweb and will only be available at his website.	The hint file contains every spoiler imaginable for the entire scenario.	The Wreck of the Slug hint file:	Caution, major spoilers ahead:Contents:1.  General tips 2.  The victory conditions and quests3.  Sena Juna4.  Epernay5.  Matisco6.  Rodosto7.  Zakro8.  Borsippa9.  Alzey10. Potaissa11. Sokoto12. Hidden grassland town13. Hill giant town14. Soli 15. Rakshasa lair16. Pero's tower17. Under Pero's tower18. Cavern streams19. Cavern lagoon20. Troglo water caves21. Under Churly's22. Taltheilei mines I and II23. Wanuskewin mines I and II24. Open pit mines25. Access cave26. Hatar's glade27. Centaur's glade28. Bandit hideout and bandit basement29. Baba Yaga's hut30. Homann I and II31. Fort Bolgas and breeding chambers32. Imbrosian outpost and mountain top staging33. The blasted vaults34. Goblin guard post35. Goblin temples.36. Honesty tower37. Ursugai dens38. Ally sur Noye39. Bioko40. Escape tunnel41. Quatsino I, II, and III42. Sub-Quatsino1.  General tips:	-do start a first-level party - it's more challenging.  Every spell, item, and recipe can be found in this scenario; your party will end up very strong.	-buy horses.  They're cheap and they can get you out of a tight scrape.	-to outfit your party, move around the province of Ardea and visit all the friendly towns.  There are plenty of opportunities for thieving.	-don't bother buying items - you'll find or take all you need.	-you may want to include alchemy in your strategy.  There are lots of cheap recipes and ingredients around, and they don't weigh much.	-look at everything.  I often hide things in garbage, on pedestals, in braziers, and on statues.	-since the last exploding arrow, arrow of light, and etc. in a bundle doesn't work (Blades bug), don't use it, sell it for 75 gold.2.  The victory conditions and quests:	-sanctify main altar in Goblin Temples.	-sanctify altar NW corner in Borsippa.	-kill Pero.	-destroy breeding pools under Fort Bolgas.	-kill the 4 pirate leaders in Quatsino.	-bring Hatar the 7 crystals.	-do these things and tell Hamilcar Barca, who lives in a small, underwater cave under Quatsino.  He grants you permission to leave the scenario through his magic hall of doors.	-here are all the quests I can think of and the people you need to talk to about them:	-The Bowl of Palest Jade - Fat Anna in Sena Juna	-7 crystals - Hatar in her glade	-Fabula's death mask - Tereus in Rodosto	-Clear crystal skull - Don Peters in Matisco	-Timbrel - Dr. van Nostrand in Sokoto	-Greta's gold bracelet - Greta in Soli	-Meteorite and albatross skull - Filthy-Talkin' Patrick in Sokoto	-assassinate the nervous mage in Rodosto - Koyah in Potaissa3.  Sena Juna:	-see Sssh-Thall for identifying and spells.	-Marna the boatseller should appear on schedule.	-Lacra has some advice and a special item for you.	-there's a tricky-for-1st-levellers mini-dungeon behind Churly's Temple.	-you should be able to confront Churly about his dirty dealings once you have all the evidence.4.  Epernay:	-don't worry too much about the pirate attacks, they can't kill anyone essential.	-closest training and sell-all to Sena Juna.5.  Matisco:	-your mage lore has to be pretty high to get the crystal and spell in this town's tower.  Remember to come back later if you can't do it right away.	-don't miss a chance to talk to Dolphus, the boy wandering around town.  If you press him until you get the confirmation message, he will send you on a quest to Baba Yaga's hut.  Be sure to return for a reward and tell him what you accomplished at the hut.	-Don Peters sends you on a quest for a crystal skull which he believes to be in Pero's possession.  If you find it, return it to him for a reward.6.  Rodosto:	-the boatseller's apprentice, Adrasta, tells you that the 2nd and 3rd numbers in the "sequence" are 2.5 and 7.  You will find the 4th number on a sign in a secret passage in the Cavern Streams.  The 3 numbers form a mathematical progression and you will have to cipher-out and deliver the first number to leave this wet complex.  Type your answer in this form "x.xx".	-training and sell-all.	-there is a mage in a workshop in the north end of town - kill him.  7.  Zakro:	-Captain Condor has a remote-control boathouse door-opener which you can use to steal the boat sometime after day 21.  Press the button, go to the boathouse on the north coast and paddle away in your boat.  You obviously shouldn't leave town so that Zakro re-sets - after pressing the button and without the boat - unless you don't want it.	-the crystal in this town is only accessible with the Zenith Little-Giant Wall Scaler, which is oblained on the island of Pheran.8.  Borsippa:	-a tough town.  Sanctifying the altar in the NW is a victory condition.9.  Alzey:	-there's a spot on the north coast, reachable from the water, where you can revive your dead party members. 10. Potaissa:	-Nootka:  talk to her about her son.  She's got some bad gambling debts to pay off before she's going anywhere; she'll take your money all day, though.  Aren't you glad you have the cape?	-training and sell-all.	-you can buy a house from Memekweciwak.  Look at the door of your house to open it.	-Koyah will reward you for assassinating the nervous mage in Rodosto.11. Sokoto:	-Moschops is off hunting and you will run into him, but he's too busy to talk to you; you'll have to do it without him, I'm afraid.  His guards will take your money all day, too.  A dead-end.	-the boy wandering around town talking to himself, Filthy-Talkin' Patrick, is stark-raving mad; don't pay any attention to him.  He will, however, take two dud special items from you and give you some items in exchange.12. Hidden grassland town:	-has a tower with crystal for Hatar.	-revealed by talking to Illutalik in Matisco.13. Hill giant town:	-get Smite from some demons in eastern Imbros to really sock it to these giants.14: Soli:	-talk to Greta about "pass" to get her to reveal the Blasted Vaults on Mallus.  When you return to her after cleaning out the Vaults and if you get rewarded, don't look for that reward in the usual way.  You'll know it when you see it.	-Marsyas will trade an interesting item for the house you bought in Potaissa.  Don't leave anything valuable inside when you trade, 'cause you'll never get the house back.15. Rakshasa lair:	-contains the Flying Fipple Flute which you will need to get to the pirate town of Bioko.	-talk to one of the imprisoned cats and it will give you the keys you need to open the chest.16. Pero's tower:	-the catomite will open the portculli for you after Pero is dead.  	-after Pero dies, you will be able to take your horse through into Imbros and wandering monsters from Imbros will be able to move into Ardea.  You will also be able to steal a boat here.17. Under Pero's tower:	-can be tough if you don't have the right items.	-all 5 switches need to be thrown to reverse 5 slidewalk sections.  	-look for the clear crystal skull that Don Peters in Matisco wants - not only do you get a reward for returning it, but it also teaches you Major Blessing.	-killing Pero satisfies one of your victory conditions.18. Cavern streams:	-make sure you find the secret passage with the fourth number you need to solve the progression you need to leave these damp environs.19. Cavern lagoon	-search this level and find Fabula's death mask for Tereus in Rodosto.  Don't forget to use it before you give it to him.20. Troglo water caves:	-the boatseller's apprentice in Rodosto, Adrasta, tells you that the 2nd and 3rd numbers in the "sequence" are 2.5 and 7.  You will find the 4th number on a sign in a secret passage in the Cavern Streams.  The 3 numbers form a mathematical progression and you will have to cipher-out and deliver the first number to leave this wet complex.  Type your answer in this form "x.xx".  Look for number 20 at the bottom of this hint sheet for the answer.21. Under Churly's:	-more clues which indicate that Churly is working for the dark side; don't worry, there's nothing you can do about this except confront him with the evidence.	-don't forget to sanctify the altar.22. Taltheilei Mines I and II:	-level and gold builders.  Go in as far as you dare, come back out, and sell and train.  Go back in.23. Wanuskewin mines I and II:	-level and gold builders.  Go in as far as you dare, come back out, and sell and train.  Go back in.24. Open pit mines:	-Fredoriffic heals and identifies.	-goblins and kobolds are feuding.25. Access cave:	-don't forget to come back for the Blood Beast when you are strong enough.26. Hatar's glade:	-Hatar sends you on a quest to recover seven crystals from seven towers in seven towns.  The towers are all square, 3x3, and most have magic locks on the doors (except one, which is in ruins, in Borsippa).	-returning the crystals, individually by name, to Hatar, satisfies another victory condition.  After you have returned all 7, ask her about her powers.  Here are their locations:	Pink-Rodosto	Blue-Borsippa	Water-Matisco	Ringing-Zakro (you need the Zenith Little-Giant Wall Scaler, which you found on Pheran, to reach it)	Steel-Hidden grassland town on Ceos (revealed by talking to Illutalik in Matisco)	Blood-Sokoto	Calyx-Potaissa27. Centaur's glade:	-just an idle walk in the woods.  Watch out those bush fairies don't get behind you.28. Bandit hideout and bandit basement:	-steal a boat from the bandits.	-you will need 384 food to feed a diatryma which the bandits are holding prisoner in the basement.  Either bring the food in or manna it, because you can only let the diatryma out of its cell once.  It teaches you AM Cloud and Shatter.	-the key you need to free the diatryma is hidden in this level; look at the sign by the door to open it..29. Baba Yaga's hut:	-you may need to use an item in one of her bookshelves to defeat Baba Yaga.	-return to Dolphus, in Matisco, after you kill Baba Yaga, for your reward. 30. Homann I and II:	-careful with the long waits in Homann II, those wandering monsters can really build up.31. Fort Bolgas and breeding chambers:	-you have to destroy all 4 of the little pools the Vahnatai are using to breed their alien beasts to achieve one of your victory conditions.32. Imbrosian outpost and mountain top staging:	-trapped by quickfire in mountain top staging?  Look around, there must be a way out somewhere.	-find the Motion Lotion in the Atelier by the arrival teleporter.  Although you can only use it in town mode, it can still come in handy during breaks between battles. 33. The blasted vaults:	-the King of Cartoons will open the first portcullis for you if you solve his problem.  If you need the answer, look for number 33a at the bottom of this file.	-after the elephant men, go east to get the password you will need to complete the western half of the dungeon.  If you want to know what the password is, go to the bottom of this file and look for number 33b.	-to operate the portculli on the east side, go into combat mode, leave one character behind to operate the lever, and send the others on ahead.  When the other 5 are in a group and well beyond the portculli, end combat mode and they are all together through the open portculli!  Be sure you don't let the gates drop and then end combat with your characters on the other side, 'cause then you'll be on the wrong side of the portculli with no way out.	-find Greta's gold bracelet and take it back to her in Soli.	-you need Stalker's cape to get into the western half.  Start by talking to Nootka, in Potaissa, if you don't already have it.	-the slith leader will reward you if you tell him the password.	-when your party is split up, the lone character will need at least 7 APs to pull a lever and exit.34. Goblin guard post:	-the goblins get a little tougher, here, where they are closer to their territory.35. Goblin temples:	-look for the Bowl of Palest Jade, use it, and take it to Fat Anna in Sena Juna.	-the Telson is also hidden in this level.	-watch out for a tough encounter by the final altar, which you also need to sanctify for one of the victory conditions.	-look for evidence linking Churly in Sena Juna with the goblin incursions.36. Honesty tower:	-re-named and re-settled several days after you killed Pero.37. Ursugai dens:	-a good level builder for a stronger party.38. Ally sur Noye:	-buy a boat and go for a day on the lake.	-to get into Lowinck's library, start by talking to Dr. van Nostrand in Sokoto.	-sanctify the town's altar and get rewarded with the priest spell Divine Thud.	-the whole meganeura thing is a dead end.	-Crow Jane will buy the Onyx Mortar and Pestle from you.	39. Bioko	-it is very important that you speak to the prisoner, Uncle John, and get him to reveal the location of the final pirate towers of Quatsino.  If this information dies with him, you won't be able to talk to Hamilcar Barca in sub-Quatsino and finish the scenario.	-to free (and talk to) Uncle John and access the Escape Tunnel beneath Bioko, use the buttons on the pedestals in the control room in the centre of the north side.	-your mage lore has to be very high to learn the Priest spell Major Cleansing from the bloody altar in the temple.40. Escape tunnel:	-now would be a good time to use the Dreamstaff you found in Bioko.41. Quatsino I, II, and III:	-there is a stairway down (in QI) to an underwater cave where Hamilcar Barca will evaluate your progress and allow you to leave the scenario if you have achieved your 6 victory conditions.	-kill the 4 pirate leaders in QII and QIII to achieve a victory condition - they are in different rooms in these 2 levels.42. Sub-Quatsino:	-complete your victory conditions and tell Hamilcar Barca, who lives in this small underwater cave.  He grants you permission to leave the scenario through his magic hall of doors.5de4981fooh64bt420. 0.2515xd7hb1bvhh851633a.6.5bupy659156844vhhgr3aszgv33b.Mallusbckaua38nvks8484