
Thanks for downloading Kallaskagathos!
If you have any comments, questions, or complaints,
feel free to write me at alcritas@att.net.

I'd like to thank my beta testers, Stephen Masel, Skyle,
Andrew Barton, and Kate for all their hard work.  I'd also 
like to thank I'd like to thank DRKDRAXIS (Pulsing Rune) 
and Tim Farland  (Fireplace) for allowing me to use their 
custom graphics.  All other custom graphics were taken 
from Jeff Vogel's "Valley of the Dying Things".


WARNING! SPOILERS BELOW!

FAQ's 

1. What the heck is with this scenario anyway?

The scenario deals with the death of Lord Edwin
Pippensworth, whose murder you try to solve.  But,
there's a twist - there are 16 different versions
of the murder. Everytime you enter the scenario,
you will be randomly placed in one of the sixteen
different versions.  (You can control which version
you are placed in by saying "CHAOS" to Becker, and
then following his instructions)  The versions don't
vary much - the motives and history of the characters
are always the same.  The only thing that changes
is who the killer(S) is/are, what his/her/their motive
was, and how to catch them.


2. What's with the title?

Kalloskagathos means Nobleman, literally 
beautiful and bold.


3. What's with this forest?  I wander and
wander, and can't seem to find anything.

Picture the forest sections like this :

0
1 2 3
4 5 6
7 8 9

You enter in section 7, that's where Roger
and the stables are.  Other than section
7, there are only four interesting things
in the forest - a wolf den at 0, the
entrance to the dark caves at 2, a small hut
at 6, and the hint node at 9 (more on that
below).


4. I'm stuck!  What should I do next?

Because of the nature of the scenario, it
would be impossible for me to write a walkthrough,
because the walkthrough varies from version to
version, and it's not evident to the player
what version they are in.  To combat, this
I placed a special node that, when triggered,
will provide a fairly detailed walkthrough
to whatever version you are currently in.
The node is located on a sign, in section 9,
at 36,36.


