100 EVIL SLITHS by Bain-Ihrno
Readme file

E-mail: bihrno@yahoo.com
AIM: BainIhrno

Blades-related forums: Shadow Vale Spiderweb, Calamity
Refuge.

Difficulty: Hi Level Parties
Rating: PG (rough language)
Player Skill: Not much, but if you're a newbie,
some jokes may not make sense.

Also please note: At one point, you will be stripped
of all mage skill, and will only be able to get some
of the skills back. Don't enter with more than two PC's
with mage skills.

The Story: Sliths are attacking Parmalee. Stop them.

Yes, that's a terrible plot. So why write it?

Well, this scenario is sort of a parody of bad scenario
design. It has pretty much all the problems with bad 
scenarios, except that it's playable.

Files to place in BLADSCEN folder:
evilslit.exs
evilslit.bmp (convert to .meg if on mac)

Yes, you get to use your OWN party, not some stupid
pre-fab party! Lucky you!

-----------
Q+A

Q: Are you depressed?
A: No.

Q: Then why did you make this scenario?
A: The idea came from the spree of small, simple
scenarios in BoA that have been going on as per TM's
suggestion. I thought of doing one for BoE when I was
getting bored with another scenario I was working on.
So I did, and I decided to have a little extra fun with
it.

Q: Is the Goblin Wizard in this scenario really the
one from Deadly Goblins?
A: Yes

Q: Did you get permission?
A: No

Q: Isn't that illegal?
A: No, it's just one character and I used my own approach,
it's not like I copied town layouts or anything.

Q: How is there a sidequest in a dungeon that has a sign
saying it's there for no reason other than the author
was bored?
A: I didn't plan for a quest to be there originally.
I threw it in at the last minute.

Q: How do I enter the Crypt of Doom?
A: You don't.

Q: What IS Bug Spray?
A: Let's think about this. What is one reason why we
ALWAYS test our scenarios?

Q: How do I get my Mage Spell Levels back?
A: There are some Mist Globes. They will help.

Q: I didn't get all of them back! Why not?
A: Your experiences in the Holy Realm just took
some of your magery away permanently and you'll have
to get them back on your own.

Q: This is unfair!
A: First, that's not a question. It's whining. Second, 
it's not much of a problem if you have only one or 
two mages in the party. Maybe you should quit relying 
on magery so much.

Q: I don't have any mages in the party.  Isn't this 
cheating to get mage levels?
A: No, if you defeated the whole scenario without mages,
consider it an extra reward.

Q: Anything else I should know?
A: Yeah, I had plans to include some cruder humor. I
never did actually write it in, though. If you want to
know more, contact me directly. Also, avoid charming Sliths
in the battle outside of the Slith Castle and the very
last battle (not with Sss-Thuss).


------------------

Well uh... enjoy.  
