
Thanks for downloading my scenario, "Adventurer's Club 3: Retribution, Complete".


  This is the complete version of "Adventurer's Club 3: Retribution". It 
contains both parts 1 and 2. If you have already played part 1, you will need 
a save game from that game to continue from where you left off. Otherwise, you 
will have to start the game back at the very beginning.

  You needn't have played the first two games to enjoy this one, but there 
are many references to the first games in this one which you may not understand 
if you haven't. A quick synposis of the first two games can be found by 
visiting one of the schoolteachers in the residential area of Independence City.

  This is a large, somewhat nonlinear game. There is a main plot and many side
quests. The side quests are optional, but completing them will gain your party
lot's of experience and several powerful items that you will find very helpful,
especially with some of the tougher battles near the end. I have included a file
that lists the side quests and where to get them. 

  This game was designed for a beginning party. One of the main features of this 
game is the growth and development of a weak party into a strong one. If you
insist on using a high level party, please refrain from using the Word of Recall
spell until you "officially" find it in the game, or until you're well into the 
Untamed Region. It may break the game if used earlier in certain areas. 

  Included with the game are two maps...West Zinlasia.gif and East Zinlasia.gif.
These are the two main areas you will be exploring. You can get mini versions of
them in the game by visiting the tourist centers in the big cities. But those are
so small and hard to read I'm sure you will prefer using the large maps. But keep
in mind that these maps are so detailed that they contain some spoilers. Use them 
at your discretion. These were graciously created by Desert Plah. Thanks dp!  


  If you have any questions, comments or bug findings, please feel
free to contact me at Shyguy123@msn.com. Thanks again.

                                                    


           Here is a list of known issues in the game.

1.If you're beginning with a saved game from Part 1, you may need to use
  the town reset keys ("shift" + ">") to get the graphics in some cities
  to look correct. 

2.There are several words containing apostrophes in the game, such as
  "T'Lanhg". When in dialog mode, enter the letters only when enquiring
  about a subject. example: enter "tlan" for "T'Lanhg".

3.There are many dungeon maps that contain multiple areas. This was done
  to get around the 100 town bug. (Yes, I know there's another way now)
  Just be aware when using the Magic Map spell or just looking at the
  automap that it may appear that there are areas that can't be reached.
  These are separate areas that can only be reached from other spots on
  the world map.

4.When visiting the "Mind Games" entertainment facility, if you immediately
  replay the same "game" it will not work properly. The town must be reset
  by either visiting 3 different areas before coming back, or just using
  the town reset keys ("shift" + ">"). Actually, there is no reason you 
  would want to replay the same "game".  ;)

5.It is possible to sail a boat into the city of Zenith and become
  forever stranded in the middle of the street. Don't!

6.If you win the Owaji Championship, you may encounter a 50 node error report.
  This may result in not winning the grand prize but almost always allows you
  to play again. It's an issue that is much too complex to fix without recoding
  the whole thing and frankly, it's just not that important.

7.You will be asked to present an iron shield to an NPC in the Untamed Region.
  This cannot be one brought in from another scenario or it won't be recognized.
  Also, if you start this game with a saved game from Part One, any iron shelds
  acquired during that game will also not be recognized. You'll just need to buy
  a new one. The NPC will specifically ask for a "new" one.

8.The automap does not update correctly in certain dungeons. This occurs in the
  dungeons numbered 128 and higher. This is a glitch in the engine and there's
  nothing that can be done about it. There is no effect on gameplay, however.

9.Do not save your game while in the outdoor section in the Untamed Region 
  containing the four barriers. Move to the east and save. If you save a game in 
  between the barriers and reload it, all barriers will come back, even if you have 
  dispelled some. If this DOES happen, you will be able to dispell them again, but 
  will be forced to refight the nasty guardians a second time. Your other alternative
  would be to use the spell, "Word of Recall." Then, when you return to the barriers,
  the ones that you previously dispelled will be as gone, they should be.

 
    



                            Some Tips for playing Part Two

1. The second half of the scenario begins when you embark on your quest into the
   Untamed Region. Combat will get a lot tougher here. If you're finding things too
   tough, take some time to finish any side quests you may have come across in Part
   One. Check out the file, "Side Quests.txt".

2. Finishing the quest for Quintas in Magestica is almost essential for making Part
   Two more enjoyable. The portal he creates will be most handy for quick travel
   between the many locations.

3. Praying in front of the statues in the Shrines will prove most beneficial to those
   who have strong faith in Odashai.

4. Don't forget the many specialized trainers and augmenters in the world. They will
   be very useful to you in raising your stats to the limit.

5. Completing many of the side quests in the Untamed Region will get you some powerful
   magic weapons. Completing them ALL will get you a super powerful weapon that will
   make the end game much easier.




     Good adventuring, Jeff Weisler





Acknowlegements

  Thanks go to the following people whose graphics I borrowed and abused
throughout my game. (If I've given credit to the wrong people, or you
see your graphics used and your name omitted from this list, feel free
to let me know and I will gladly add you to the list)

         Aceron, Relhan, Luz, Elvin Windleaf, Tim Farland, Birdy
              Justifier, Shawn Lonergan, Lt. Triest, Shyguy



These are the authors who graciously let me use their scenario names in
my game.

Brett Bixler   (Quintessence)
The Creator    (Deadly Goblins)
Drizzt         (The Forsaken)
Lt. Sullust    (The Expedition)
Stareye        (Spears)
Terrors Martyr (tehGRICH!!!)
and especially Zxquez (A Little Girl)



And I want to especially thank my playtesters who helped considerably in
getting this game as bug free as possible.

  Andrew Barton, Conundrum, Desert Plah, Ezra Strong, fluffypinkpotatoes, Jayne,
Lt. Triest, Princess Ruth, Milla, The Mighty Kobold, Reality Corp, Terrors Martyr



